I've been through FOUR of these expensive units. They work great on my Great Pyrenees dog. At least they work for awhile. Then I end up trying to figure out if the batteries are dead, then if the NEW batteries I put in were dead to begin with, and then I send it back for repair. Once I got back a unit that worked again - for awhile. Then I got back a unit that never worked again.I stopped sending in my broken units after that.  So - in desperation, and impending poverty, I switched to a shock collar; it was either that or what my breeder calls a "blue juice special". It also worked - and yes, I tried it on myself and decided that it wasn't cruel at all. But the punchline is this: the shock collars broke at about the same rate as the citronella collar. At least they were cheaper, so I didn't lose as much money 
Sometimes it sprays when she barks, most of the time it doesn't. So I would say its effectiveness has been rather low. It's not the battery or the fill level - maybe it just depends on the dog. I can bark into it myself and it sprays just fine. (My children found this amusing. 
Light is beautiful and functional, and so great for traveling, but first LED light failed almost immediately and second after about 2 months.  Too bad. 
Not only did this product have no effect on the manic barking of our own dogs, but the company also refused to provide a refund/replacement after the product arrived with a broken chunk out of the cheap plastic casing.  After sitting out in a rainstorm, the Super Bark Stop shorted out and is now totally worthless.  Find another product - You'll thank me later 
Clock is smaller than I thought, and is only intended to take up about a square foot of wall.  Made of cheap materials, definitely not worth $25 
I set it up for my dogs because they bark whenever they hear a noise or if someone rings bell, I have 3 dogs, I put it on and they went beserk, they started going after each other, I didn't hear anything myself, but I am quite sure the dogs did, like I said they acted very badly towards each other, the tone must have made them lash out like that. I cannot use it anymore. 
My beagle (13 mo.) cocks her head showing that she hears something with a slight pause in the barking process but does not deter her from barking at a later time.  Does nothing for howling and will only go off for loud barks, not smaller barking or any form of whining (even if extremely loud) 
I bought 3 of these to monitor my invalid mom and they don't work well. The manual is not thorough, but it does tell you AFTER you bought the product that there is a one-second delay unless you buy an AC adapter.  I just bought 12 batteries for 3 units and wasn't about to buy an AC adapter to see IF that fixed it. It cut off my mom's voice and I rarely heard her message. The units also have annoying beeps that can't be turned off. No real volume control either. A very overpriced and poorly designed unit. Also, the switches to adjust for conference and vox mode are small and need a small object smaller than a pen to change them. The sound is clear if it doesn't cut you off, but the units are far from user-friendly. 
It appears that the Viatek product (Bark Stop Pro) is related to the Lentek design (PC16 ; ASIN: B0002Q89O6) - they are based on a common design by a Lentek engineer. I have used (tried) the Viatek Bark Stop Pro and it definitely DOES NOT work. My experience was the same as another reviewer of the Lentek PC16 who noted that the unit only works on the "Audible" setting - dogs will at least perk up their ears at the high pitch tone ; they completely ignore whatever is emitted on the "Ultrasonic" setting. Furthermore, it is often activated by extraneous noises like birds, banging doors, wind noise, etc.   This really poor functionality is due to either poor design or poor construction / quality. I've tried two different units and they both do NOT work.   The negative reenforcement concept could work if only these devices were tuned to the noise environment and could filter out all except the actual barks. 
I purchased this item thinking it would be great for my 5 yr old's room.  He has a 19 inch TV/VCR/DVD combo that will not fit into the space that was designed to hold a "20 inch" TV.  If you have a modern TV with speakers on the side it will not fit!!!!!  I purchased the item directly from STEP2 and they do not want to refund my shipping fees or pay for me to return the item!!!!  
Man this item is fantastic. I love wasting $80 on pointless furniture. Getting a great cheap plastic looking set that holds all my games and systems.... Man I must be in heaven. Not only that but it breaks easily, does this thing have no limit? So I bought this great video center around a year ago.... And what happens it breaks. I had it for a couple of weeks and does it look like dog crap. It looks like you're in a baby kids room. Similar to those play centers in day cares or McDonalds. Man that is lame.... I just love having children decor in my house, and it has to be $80. If I were you.... I would just let my systems, TV, and CDs sit in some tubberware. Believe me it would be 50X safer! 
the neighbor has a yapping mutt that barks night and day...since the police won't do anything about it, i bought this bark free...hahaha...what a joke...the darn dog barked more...  anyway...it did zero for my problem and i consider it a waste of money...  
The one item in your house that you really wish would suck and it certainly doesn't! This thing blows more air than it sucks dirt. What a useless thing. I'm looking for one that will actually pick up the dirt from the recessed areas of my prefinished floor. This thing certainly doesn't do it! If you're looking to buy this thing, look again -- there MUST be something better if not just your regular broom 
The flip it vacuum was a great idea but little did I know that I would actually have to put my hand in the bin to pull out the dirt and grime after using the wet mop.  When using the wet mop-it will leave water lines where I stop, therefore I have to wipe up the floor with paper towels. When using the vacuum my liquid cleaner drips onto my hardwood floor leaving water marks! I have not recommended this product to anyone. A waste of $100.00 
One might imagine that the whole concept of vacuuming-flip-mopping is progressive in some way, but it really does not make the job of cleaning the floor easier.  Especially when the product is heavy and hard to maneuver with poor pickup.  I'd much rather go over the floor with a good vacuum, and then follow with a functional, well-designed good mop (like the old SteamMop they discontinued). These things function better as seperate units, which is why there's no washing machine that's also a dryer.   The Flip-It is a very loud machine--so loud, that I didn't hear my phone ring in the same room.  This makes it difficult to listen for my 3 children, too.  It's difficult to push and feels like it's gripping to the floor.  It doesn't fit into any tight places or under any low chairs/cabinets with it's big fat part-vacuum head.  And, when you're finished, it's a pain to clean out the nozzle and the filter(which you're supposed to keep dry somehow) so you can look forward to a second job once you've finished the job of cleaning your floors.  And, because of the "flip it" back and forth design, the thing has no equilibrium...it fell to the floor at least 3 times, even when I was so careful to rest it against something...once when this happened, the "dirty water" recovery tank hit the floor, fell off the machine and spilled the dirty water all over my just-cleaned floor.  A true nightmare.  I bought this product because I could no longer buy replacement filters/pads for my Bissell SteamMop, and I thought I had better give the latest and greatest a try, but, sadly, I was disappointed.  I don't review things often, but I felt a responsibility to warn others out there who are shopping for a good mop to keep their homes clean.  This contraption is not your answer.   On a side note, I wrote to Bissell to bring back the SteamMop (what an excellent product), so I'm hoping that they will one day 
The design for using the DC adapter with LED Booklight is extremely poor. It is possible that I missed the warning that tells you to remove the batteries before using the DC adapter. But, it must not have been very big. I combined the two and ended up with batteries that leaked all over inside the battery case. These were brand new batteries. There does not seem to be anything protecting the batteries from the DC adapter and so the power goes right into them. This is bad. Modern devices are expected to work with either battery or adapter without having to remove the batteries.  I had assumed that I could leave the batteries in so that when I was at home I could use the adapter, but traveling I would use the batteries.  Don't make this mistake 
bought a global knife a few years ago  then bought the water/ ceramic sharpening device. cannot keep this knife sharp. it sits in my block with a bunch of cheap 4 star henckels. I use the cheap sabatiers ($9 for the set and the block)  anway it's no worse than any of my other dull knives just cost mor 
NOT a good light.  The light is already fading and I don't use it very often.  Very disappointed 
I baked six loaves in this machine.  I have been using various bread machines for the past 12 years and feel comfortable making adjustments when things don't turn out just right.  My big complaint with this machine is the low baking temperatures.  Even on the darkest crust setting and the longest baking time (70 minutes), my loaves were only marginally acceptable - they were not sufficiently baked.  I was using a nearly-whole wheat recipe.  The machine was quiet, strong, and had a lot of bells and whistles, but with only partially baked bread, I had to return it to Amazon.  Amazon shipped it to me in a very poorly packed box which was gaping open when it arrived, but they included return labels which made it a cinch to send back, and were quick enough with the refund 
If you are looking for something with great sound quality or even great accuracy in measurment, this isn't for you. The radio is hard to use since it doesn't have any indication of what frequency you are on, and every time you move it gets overwhelmed by static. The pedometer function is marginal at best. But its what you would expect for $15. 
When i first got this item i loved it I used it 4 times and it stopped working 
One might imagine that the whole concept of vacuuming-flip-mopping is progressive in some way, but it really does not make the job of cleaning the floor easier.  Especially when the product is heavy and hard to maneuver with poor pickup.  I'd much rather go over the floor with a good vacuum, and then follow with a functional, well-designed good mop (like the old SteamMop they discontinued). These things function better as seperate units, which is why there's no washing machine that's also a dryer.   The Flip-It is a very loud machine--so loud, that I didn't hear my phone ring in the same room.  This makes it difficult to listen for my 3 children, too.  It's difficult to push and feels like it's gripping to the floor.  It doesn't fit into any tight places or under any low chairs/cabinets with it's big fat part-vacuum head.  And, when you're finished, it's a pain to clean out the nozzle and the filter(which you're supposed to keep dry somehow) so you can look forward to a second job once you've finished the job of cleaning your floors.  And, because of the "flip it" back and forth design, the thing has no equilibrium...it fell to the floor at least 3 times, even when I was so careful to rest it against something...once when this happened, the "dirty water" recovery tank hit the floor, fell off the machine and spilled the dirty water all over my just-cleaned floor.  A true nightmare.  I bought this product because I could no longer buy replacement filters/pads for my Bissell SteamMop, and I thought I had better give the latest and greatest a try, but, sadly, I was disappointed.  I don't review things often, but I felt a responsibility to warn others out there who are shopping for a good mop to keep their homes clean.  This contraption is not your answer.   On a side note, I wrote to Bissell to bring back the SteamMop (what an excellent product), so I'm hoping that they will one day 
I bought this device in the hope of eliminating or significantly reducing the noise emanating from my neighbor's mutt.  The offending dog is often left on the neighbor's porch, where it harasses just about every living thing that passes by.  Before ordering, I had read varying accounts of its range in terms of how close the unit must be to the dog in order to attain the desired effect.  In my case, the neighbor's porch is about 35 to 60 feet aware from mine.  Unfortunately, this was not "too close for comfort" as far as the dog was concerned.  Having read a number of very mixed reviews of this and similar devices, I was not overly optimistic about the prospect of it actually working.  Alas, it did not.  Some dogs just don't hear them.  In my case, it was probably due at least in part to the distance.  My suggestion is to go ahead and pick up one of these devices if and only if you are within 20' of the target.  If it doesn't work, go ahead and return it to the manufacturer for a refund (which is exactly what I did).  By the way, you don't need an RA (AKA RMA) number to return the device.  Just send it to the company along with your receipt, and a note saying that you would like a refund (not an exchange).  (...)  I sympathize with anyone having this problem, and wish you all the best of luck.  No one deserves to have their peace and quiet disturbed without good reason, and the argument that "dogs bark" simply does not hold any water 
I bought this set thinking is was going to look nice for a while due to the name brand and the price.  Wrong... This pots get scratches from anything that goes near them.  After a few months of gentle use, they already have so many scratches on the outside and look awful.  Also, the handles get really hot.    
I baked six loaves in this machine.  I have been using various bread machines for the past 12 years and feel comfortable making adjustments when things don't turn out just right.  My big complaint with this machine is the low baking temperatures.  Even on the darkest crust setting and the longest baking time (70 minutes), my loaves were only marginally acceptable - they were not sufficiently baked.  I was using a nearly-whole wheat recipe.  The machine was quiet, strong, and had a lot of bells and whistles, but with only partially baked bread, I had to return it to Amazon.  Amazon shipped it to me in a very poorly packed box which was gaping open when it arrived, but they included return labels which made it a cinch to send back, and were quick enough with the refund 
Within a few weeks of purchase the teflon in the Zojirushi pan started to blister and flake off. This is NOT the result of customer abuse but a manufacturing defect.  This is my third (and final) bread machine. The first two were Breadman Ultimates. I should note that I make bread in the machine about 6 times a week on average, pretty much every morning.  The first Breadman worked for over a year until the teflon in the pan started to fail. This was probably my fault for allowing the pan to soak for extended periods of time (water can get behind the teflon and ruin the bond).  I bought an new Breadman Ultimate because the entire machine was only slightly more than the pan alone and the old machine was starting to have mechanical problems. This time I took extremely good care of the pan (letting it cool down, no soaking) because it's clearly the weak link in the system. Within 8 months the stirring shaft that drives the paddle in the pan simply fell out. Whatever the detente mechanism was that holds the shaft to the pan failed, making the machine useless. Currently it doesn't seem very easy (or even possible) to buy a replacement pan for the Breadman.  At this point I was done with the Breadman. Much as I didn't want to spring for the extra money for the Zojirushi, and realizing that my default augmented sourdough recipe probably wouldn't work the same in the new machine, I didn't see an alternative and got one.  Within 3 weeks the teflon in the Zoji pan formed two blisters. One is bit smaller than a dime and all the teflon at this spot has flaked off; the other spot is blistering but the teflon is still intact. I have been extremely careful with the pan: I wait for it to cool and then remove the baked-on bread under the paddles with warm water using mostly my fingers. I don't let it soak at all. This is clearly a manufacturing defect.  I have further complaints with respect to this machine as compared to the Breadman Ultimate:  1) The top of the bread rarely gets brown. I've added more sugar to the recipe which helps slightly but not much. 2) I don't understand what the crust control option does. It doesn't seem to increase baking time which it does on the Breadman so it doesn't make much sense. 3) The programmability is very weak. On the Breadman you can take any of the existing standard options and modify them as well as make up entirely new programs. 4) The programmability options are very limited:  - You can't control the knockdown time between risings. - You can't add risings to the default three. They do give you a lot of time control on the risings. - You can't separate the mixing cycle from the kneading cycle: it's all one cycle. - When you turn off the preheat cycle, this only affects the built-in programs and not the custom ones.  - And worst of all: you can't bake for more than 70 minutes. This is utterly ridiculous. I'm sure this is a "safety feature" but it means you can't correct for the pathetic lack of crust formation or have larger recipes and so forth. This is almost a killer limitation in my opinion.  For those other reviewers that are having issues with rising, I've determined that the machine is very sensitive to the amount, type, and quality of yeast. If you *exactly* follow the manufacturers instuctions with respect to yeast and use fresh yeast, it should work okay. This means you must use rapid rise yeast with the Quick programs and active dry yeast with the longer standard programs. Even using Fleischmann's instead of Red Star made a difference. The Breadman was pretty much indifferent to yeast variations.  At this point I'm done with bread machines. They are a failed technology. In fact, teflon is a dangerous and substandard technology.   All you have to do is search for teflon (Polytetrafluoroethylene) and toxic to come up with some pretty alarming data on this noxious substance. The manufacturing process results in significant environmental contamination.  A direct consumer health risk due to toxic outgassing occurs when teflon is exposed to temperatures above 500 degrees (eg: frying pans). Perhaps bread machines are not that risky given the lower temps involved in baking and the fact that wet dough will keep the average pan temperature pretty low, but if you know anything about toxicity you will realize that it is always a sliding scale: there will be some outgassing at lower temperatures. Imagine low levels of toxic gas released into your homemade bread. I've thought about this, but there's no way to make a bread machine without teflon -- going from mixing dough to baking requires teflon, there is just no other viable solution.  I love making bread every day and I'm going to miss this activity but at this point the manufacturing defects and use of teflon mean I have to give up on this technology. It's back to the occasional hand-made loaf -- it's the only rational and healthy solution 
This item did not work when I got it.  I returned it to Zelco, who informed me that it was my error, they did not do refunds, and returned it to me.  I had a previous model Zelco that worked great for 10-15 years.  It had a switch.  This new one does not have a switch and at this time will not turn off.  Gr 
Light is beautiful and functional, and so great for traveling, but first LED light failed almost immediately and second after about 2 months.  Too bad. 
This item is cheaply made and I sent it back.  The picture looks cool but it's deceiving.  The minute hand was so loose that when it was on the right side, it flopped down to the right and then when it was on the left, it plopped down to the left.  It couldn't keep the right time 
I have ordered this unit twice this past month, the first one did not work properly in one of the units, the signal was distorted. After returning it to the supplier, I ordered it again from another Amazon supplier and one of the units did not work at all. I will now look for another brand 
The unit did not recieve or transmit half the distance that was reported across a flat surface.  100ft. would be pushing it 
If you are looking for something with great sound quality or even great accuracy in measurment, this isn't for you. The radio is hard to use since it doesn't have any indication of what frequency you are on, and every time you move it gets overwhelmed by static. The pedometer function is marginal at best. But its what you would expect for $15. 
I set it up for my dogs because they bark whenever they hear a noise or if someone rings bell, I have 3 dogs, I put it on and they went beserk, they started going after each other, I didn't hear anything myself, but I am quite sure the dogs did, like I said they acted very badly towards each other, the tone must have made them lash out like that. I cannot use it anymore. 
The way the brush is situated on the handle makes this brush difficult to use.  I would get the Furminator instead, it has the same deshedding edge but a much easier to use overall design and it comes in larger sizes!  This technology is great and you will be so shocked when you see all the hair you are able to remove 
Being somewhat of an insomniac I read well into the hours of the night and a book light is essential to me.  I therefore purchased the itty bitty booklight.  If you do use this light it is essential to purchase the power supply for two reasons.  Firstly, there is no auto shut-off so if you fall asleep reading your batteries wear down very quickly.  Secondly, when using batteries, they start dimming rather quickly making it hard on the eyes and difficult to read resulting in the constant need for new batteries.  This light is also extremely fragile.  Over a couple of years I went through 7 of these!  I would not recommend this light - for the amount you spend on the never-ending purchasing of batteries or the expensive power supply, and the constant new purchases after it breaks, you might as well splurge and buy a decent book light. I now have the Tri Lite by Capstone Enterprises (available at Barnes & Nobel - come on and get it in stock Amazon!)  It is terrific!  It has a clock with an alarm and a timer.  You can set it to stay on for any period of time and once it reaches that time the light flashes.  At that time you can extend the minutes.  If you don't do so, for example you're sleeping, it will automatically shut off.  It also produces much more light and is much brighter than the Itty Bitty Book Light 
Read the description carefully. It states the speaker range is 50' not the microphone. My dog stood 10' away from it and even with the sensitivity on high and her barking right at the thing it wouldn't trigger. Matter of fact I never could get it to trigger with barking. The only time it did go off was when I put the batteries in for the first time and my husband was mowing the lawn on his big riding mower and he knocked into a chicken wire fence which made me run out to get it with the unit in my hand. Even then it didn't go off till I was about 4 feet from the mower.  I also couldn't get it to just make the ultrasonic sound. Even when switched from audible to ultrasonic you still hear a noise. Not just me but my husband too so it's not a case of super human hearing on my part :-)  Yes the timer option is very nice. This was actually why I purchased this one over the others as we only wanted to stop the night barking. But what good is the timer function if the microphone can't pick up the barking?  So read these descriptions carefully when looking at these control units. Unless your dog always barks in the same spot and you can place this unit under 4 feet from them then pick something else.  
I bought this for my mother-in-law at her request.  She has arthritis and saw it on TV.  She also wanted the free gripper that came with it.  I scoured the listings at Amazon looking for one that included the gripper, even paid a little more for it.  She used the can opener once and it broke.  The "free" gripper required sending away for it and an inflated S&H fee 
When i first got this item i loved it I used it 4 times and it stopped working 
Received this as a gift and I must say I'm very disappointed. At its highest setting it takes forever to toast. The other issue is that if you buy any bread with "non-standard" width (like home-made, gourmet breads) it won't fit into the toaster 
This toaster is more a decoration than anything else. My kids eat a lot of bagels & frozen waffles, and this machine just doesn't do the job without multiple toasting cycles. Even regular bread comes out barely toasted on one cycle. I also had the plastic prongs that hold the crumb tray in place, break off. (How?? it just sits on the counter, no one is playing football with it!) I feel that I wasted $50.00 on this- save your money 
more thought needs to be put into the design of this produc 
I wanted to buy something that would remove the taste of chlorine from the kitchen faucet but even with the Brita it still tasted like chlorine. After about 2 weeks it started to drip from the where the Brita screws into the faucet. So now you don't have filtered water. My husband replaced washer and it still dripped. If you accidently put the hot water on while someone in the house just before used the filtered part the filter is ruined 
First the good news.  This is an extra heavy skillet with durable finish and good handles.  It easily handles two quarts up to the bottoms of the rivets and distributes the heat evenly across the bottom of the pan.  But for the bad news I would give this skillet four or five stars.  The bad news is that someone at the Anolon plant damaged the pan BEFORE it was placed in the Anolon carton.  Neither the Anolon box nor the outer UPS shipping carton showed any damage when I received the skillet.  It wasn't until the the following day, after I threw out the packaging, that I noticed the a small sharp blow had been delivered to the rim of the pan which deformed the pan slightly.  True, I should have been more attentive when I received the pan,  but I never suspected Anolon would package damaged goods.  I'll live with my mistake but will not purchase anything by Anolon again!  
Using frozen fruit to make up to 4 smoothies every day, our family is hard on blenders.    After more than a year of daily experience with the Waring Pro (both MBB* & PBB* models) I cannot recommend them for serious smoothing making.  Here's why:  Both glass- & stainless-jug models use the same blade assembly.  This blade assembly wears poorly when asked to blend frozen fruit.  It fails often, and must be rebuilt or replaced.  Parts are easily purchased if you're handy and have the correct tools.  DETAILS: The assembly screws together, and is threaded to tighten under use rather than loosen and fall apart.  But this tightening action is so great when the blade contacts frozen fruit, that it bends the metal washer below the blade.  The assembly eventually becomes so tight that the shaft cannot turn.  The Waring Pro is all the blender than many people will need, but is not sufficient for the daily maker of multiple smoothies 
For what this item costs you would think that the pump would last longer than 3 months.  I really like foaming soap because I have three young children who have a tendency of making a huge mess with both bar and liquid soap.  Since there is so little actual soap in foam soap there isn't the big mess to clean.  But I have a fundamental problem with paying for bottles of diluted soap.  I searched high and low for an attractive foaming soap dispenser and Cuisipro was about all I could find.  But within 3 months the pump started to stick and I have to manually move it up and down.  It's cheaper to keep refilling the store bought soap dispensers and just buy a new one when it starts to stick.  
We bought this model because it had the different grind capabilities. It quit working after 1 year. We also bought one for my mom and her's quit much sooner. :- 
This can opener is complete garbage.  Other reviews have told the story about how this thing does not work. I tried it three times, each time with new batteries, and it grunted to a stop after a millisecond.  Had to battle with the thing all three times, twisting and turning the stupid can opener to free it from its grasp on the side of the can. The seam broke and leaked juice all over the counter.  The "handy" screw to back the can opener up, was of very little use.  You are better off with a cheap electric can opener any time, or a hand crank can opener.  With this device, you might as well throw 20-bucks out on the lawn.  This piece of garbage ended up in the garbage.  Completely worthless.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY 
Sent it back.  Couldn't see the read-out with a plate or saucer on the scale.  Needs a tilted or canted face 
The scale does not come with a battery, even though there is a distinct place for it in the internal packaging.  Scale had a 2002 manufacture date on it.  All of this I can live with, the bigger problem was that the scale would not zero itself.  When turned on, it would drift dramatically after a couple of seconds.  I timed it -40g for one minute (and after hours... just keep on going...).  The box had no signs of damage, so I'm guessing the load cell was bad.  Very disappointing.  
I have had this scale for about 4 months.  It worked fine the few times I used it, but last night I went to use it and it has given up the ghost.  I swapped batteries and still nothing.  The connection for the 9v battery is VERY loose, and even after crimping and holding it tight it didn't get any juice.  Not happy so I will order a different brand and hope it does better.  I do not abuse or heavily use my kitchen gadgets, so maybe I just got a lemon 
This is a $30 "ice crusher" whose instructions advise inserting just one cube at a time. Even at that ludicrous rate, the machine occasionally jammed. I threw it out, went to Target and bought a $20 Waring blender that has an ice chopping mode. It works beautifully, even with a dozen cubes at once 
I purchased this opener 12/6/06 and the motor quit 3/5/07.  What really troubles me is that I probably only open five or six cans a week.  Please don't waste your money 
I saw an ad for Rabbit comparing it to Reidel.  It is no Reidel. Heavier than I expected, and larger than I expected 
I was originally going to buy ClickClack (made in New Zealand) storage containers.  To save money I bought these (China-made) containers instead and it was a big mistake.  The first bad sign was a long black hair stuck in one of the containers.  The soft plastic parts of the lids that seal the containers had rough edges and were poorly trimmed.  The clear plastic of the containers had all sorts of scuff marks. The final straw came when I dropped one from about 3 feet and 3 inches of the lip broke off, rendering the container useless for airtight storage -- and that's assuming that the somewhat loose-fitting lids actually make the containers airtight.  If you want containers like these, spend the money on ClickClack or some other quality brand.  I'm surprised Target sells these at all 
I really like the look of this bread bin, but the manufacturer does not package it in a box.  It only has a clear plastic bag around it.  Even though Amazon uses it's own box for shipping, it arrived with dents and cracks.  Amazon quickly replaced it with another one, which had dents, cracks, and the entire bottom was was badly scratched.  I don't have time to keep sending these back hoping to get a replacement which isn't damaged, so I gave up after returning the second one 
The legs were a bit tricky to put down, and when I did, I busted the mounts. Never even used this thing & threw it away. Coleman makes one that I bought that's better built, and Excalibur Electronics has one available as well that I also bought - I like Excalibur's better, but both are better than this piece of junk. All 3 brands are in the same price range. Interestingly, there aren't a lot of portable ac/dc fan options out there... I bought these for camping in Florida 
I've owned this sofa for less than a year and it completely fell apart.  The seat of the sofa is supported by a wooden frame with a nylon webbing stretched taught and stapled over it.  We had 4 people of reasonable weight on the sofa (something we've done numerous times before) and it collapsed out from underneath us.  The four parts of the seat frame are held in with small little dowels that rest on a less than one inch lip around the outside of the couch frame.    The sofa is designed to look nice  but does not hold up well to average use.  For $400 a sofa should last at least a year of moderate use of people only sitting on it!!! You're better off going to IKEA or some other retailer that spends as much time in the basic structural design as they do in the appearance of the couch. 
I did not like this product. I'm not aspiring to learn how to be a coffee expert. I tried this out a few times.  It takes 5 mninutes or longer to boil the water. Its also a pain to clean and scrub.  This is a good option for people who want to learn how to make a perfect espresso. A better option is to use the AeroPress coffee and espresso maker. It's real simple to use and worked beautifully the first time and tastes as good or beter than store bought espresso. You can buy this on Amazon.  Put in the filter, add some coffee, add some hot water, stir, then press down in just a matter of seconds. Put this device over a coffee cup. Its real easy to clean 
In the twentieth century, and before, cast iron pans had the size stamped on them which told you the diameter of the cooking surface.  Twenty-five years ago I bought the Lodge 10SK which is a 12" skillet with a 10" inside cooking diameter.  OK.  With this skillet marked 14SK the inside cooking surface is only 12" and it should be marked 12SK.  They deceptively flared out the sides to get an overall top diameter of 15 1/4" as a selling point.  This isn't very helpful to my pork chops being 36% less space than I thought I was buying.  I'd watch out for the 10SK too.  I guess to get a real #14 cast iron skillet, I need to get a Griswold.  Hilditch  PS: It weighs 10 lbs 
the electric skillet takes forever to heat up and it does not heat in the corners also it takes longer to cook than an electric  frying pan I would not recommend this product.  thank yo 
The writeup is incorrect.  This does not fit all cuisinart 12 cup coffee makers, it definitely does not fit the dcc 1200.  While returning it is not difficult through Amazon, it means a trip to UPS and another 2 weeks of waiting for a correct replacement 
I have two cats both less than 5 months old. I bought CitiKitty training kit hoping it would save me from scooping the litter box. It turned out a piece of flimsy junk that's way over priced. My cats would rather do their business anywhere but on this piece of plastic. Save your money and use it on something more useful 
The heater that I received was defective. I down loaded a return label from amazon.com and returned the heater. I received my refund very quickly. I have two other DeLonghi heaters of a different model that I am very happy with but are no longer manufactured. This was my first experiance with this particular model 
If you are looking for a plastic box that rotates, then look no further. If you are looking for a space heater, keep looking 
I bought these because they matched my dishes.  I really wish I'd kept my old ones, even though they were black.  The size of these is nice for flour, sugar, etc.; however, the rubber seals in them aren't great.  The seal on my flour (biggest one) falls in every single time I take the lid off.  They're pretty, but not very functional 
mazon. I ordered 4 for xmas dinner, was sent three and they cancelled the 4th one saying the will never get it in.  Thanks Amazon 
I purchased this book because I have a lot of bundt pans. I was disappointed to see almost half the recipes involved a box cake. I buy cook books to make things home made not via boxed cake mixes. It basicially told you to buy a box of cake mix and add this and that to it. Who can't do that themselves? Not a good cookbook at all. If you want lessons on how to make boxed cakes than you'll like this box. I make all my cakes homemade so this book was useless to me 
I did not buy the whole set. My review is for an 8" fry pan. It was one of those "try it" deals. I do not like the grooves in the pan because after, for instance, frying an egg, the grooves retain food and if you don't use a brush to scrub the grooves you'll find that after it has dried there are going to be bits of food caught in the grooves. I can't imagine cleaning a whole set of this cookware. Yikes 
I was very excited with such a inexpensive purchase for high count sheets, but very soon I learned it was not such a great deal.   Beware if using them on an older mattress which is not thick!  After putting on the fitted sheet, it looked like a huge skin on a baby elephant!  Loose material everywhere.  My real complaint is the pills, which appeared only a few days into use.  They snag on rings, watch bracelets, etc.  I would never purchase this material again.    
While this vacuum is easy to use, it loses suction after only 6 months. Don't buy this to waste money. 
I loved this vacuum initially.  You can even see how much dirt it's picking up!  However, the shape of the filter severely limits suction almost immediately, to where the vacuum won't pick up a speck of lint.  You ahve to empty the filter every 5-10 minutes.  I do NOT have a terribly messy household, just one with no stairs going to the front & backyard 
streaks and scratched the front of my dishwasher. Does a very poor job. 
My Grandmother had one of these in her kitchen and I can remember all the kids fighting over who got to sit on the stool at large family gatherings.  I'm really sorry that I let her's get away from us when she died.  I was so excited to see this stool on Amazon and could not wait to get it. But I returned it within less than 5 minutes of taking it out of the box.  First of all it is a lot smaller than you think.  My daughter's wooden highchair is larger than this stool.  But what really made me dislike it is the color.  To call it red is very misleading. I would say it was closer to orange, which doesn't appeal to me or match my kitchen.  
I returned them beacause they are nothing like the good old revereware made in the U.S.A.They are very thin and cheap.I do not recommend anyone buying them, you willonly want to return them 
I can't believe I spent good money on this vacuum.  I've had to open it with a screw driver countless times to try to figure out a myriad of problems: why it won't vacuum without pushing it with all my might, why it makes an awful noise that terrifies my children, why the filter won't stay in place, and why it SMELLS LIKE BURNED RUBBER every time am forced to use it.  I have replaced every filter and belt.  Now I am going to throw it away.  I'd gladly give it to charity, but I can't in good conscience give it to an unsuspecting victim 
This is the most loathesome appliance I have ever owned. I hate everything about it. Some genius put the power cord at the bottom of the unit, so you have to hold the cord up all the time to keep from backing over it. This may not be such a problem if the stupid "self propelled" function weren't constantly trying to shoot backward, meaning I need both hands just to push the unit forward. It's like I'm dancing with my vacuum and we're fighting for the lead. Ridiculous. I have almost 2000 sf of carpet in my house, and I wake up sore the next day after a round with this monster.   Oh--it also came with a free little red DD sweeper--the handle of which broke the first time I tried to use it. I don't know if DD came under new management or what, but I will never buy one of their products again 
Beware of the five reviews for the mysticmop. Although microfiber mops are relatively new, major department stores have approximately a dozen different mops with different mechanical designs. In order to standout from all the competition, five reviews were concocted for mysticmops in order to deceive buyers about the quality of their mops. Google mysticmop and you will find that all the sites with reviews have the same five identical reviews. Fortunately the "reviews" were fabricated about a month ago so, hopefully, not too many customers have been deceived. My experience has been that most reviewers give, helpful honest reviews. 
The space between the strands is much greater than shown in the picture.  The cutrain will not hide what is behind it 
I'm glad some of you received these dishes not broken in a million pieces! Amazon or whoever is packaging these needs to learn how to properly pack.  There was no bubble wrap or popcorn at all - just flimsy sheets of cardboard!!  Duh??  I've sent them back twice now and third time won't be a "charm" for me, 'cause I won't go through this again. NEVER will I ever order breakables from Amazon again. The headache was not worth it - even if the dishes are nice and pretty.  
This item is not nine inches wide.  It is the same width as the seven stick cornstick pan, but costs ten dollars more.  So you are paying ten dollars to get two extra cornstick molds of the same size.  Hopefully, the item description will be changed soon.  Now, I have to pack up and ship back several of these, but at least Amazon is paying the freight.  Lodge Logic is the greatest for cooking and baking though.  I think this is just a random error.  Just be sure and buy the seven stick pan for 7.99.  The cornsticks will be the same size 
Just when I thought I was getting used to everything being so much bigger in the US... I should have taken more notice of the other reviews. Beautiful glasses but they are way too small. My set will also be returned, they are a really odd size somewhere in between any use I would have for them 
The way this Steamer was advertised, I really thought it gave out alot of steam, and lasted a decent amount of time.  I tried it a few times and was very disappointed. I returned the item 
The design is such that when you pour out liquid, some of it seeps into the space between the outer plastic and the vacuum glass container. Then, when one sets the carafe on a counter, the liquid leaks out. This could be a problem with a particular unit or a marginal design 
Cat kept peeing on laundry. Tried this product, no change. The only thing that worked was constant cleaning/changing of litter. Maybe this works for other cats, but not mine 
It looked like such a good idea on TV but that's the thing about TV. They didn't fit well on my stove at all and I couldn't even put my other stock pots on my back burners at the same time. Also the bottom scratched after a couple uses! 
We bought four sets of the Victoria Collection 600 thread count queen size.   The fitted sheets do not fit on our queen bed.  It seems like that were made for a full size not queen size... list this as a reject.  We are VERY VERY disappointed 
Pan received wil not be pan pictured.  Pan will look like Kaiser Bakeware Nobless 7-inch springform pan, model#751603.  Pan sent will have correct item#51842 on label from nordicware.  
I've ordered three. two were broken, as were two replacements they sent. Fragile plastic breaks and can't support the weight of the drawers and spices. They were really nice about sending replacements and refunds, though. 
We love the Omega Paw litter boxes to death, but when we got our first two we ordered these so we could have cute little matching sets and looking back we really should have spent that money to get a third box.  Our cats don't like the paw cleaning side, they refused to walk on it.  So we turned them over to at least collect some of the cat litter, but it still got everywhere so we ended up putting newspapers under the opening for each box and that keeps most of it off the floor.  We leave the mats we have in place for cute value and because sometimes you can get away with just emptying those, but our new boxes are doing fine without them.  The cats even seem to like to pee on the mat once in a while out of spite and then the cat litter melts and cements into the little groves.  You might have better luck if you have less cats who are tidier and have less sensitive paws, but don't buy more than one until you know for sure they can tolerate it 
If I had to do it over again I would try a different mat (something larger made of soft foam rather than hard plastic)  Pros 1. reduces tracking somewhat 2. more attractive than other litter mats 3. doesn't take up too much space  Cons 1. my cat doesn't like it--most of the time she races out of her domed box just to avoid stepping on it and ends up flinging litter and other stuff that really should stay in the box onto the carpet 2. it's too smal 
I purchased an Igloo refrigerator and within a few weeks it completely stopped working. Curtis International (Igloo's parent company) has terrible customer service and will not honor customer warranties. After a year of trying to ge this resolved, I have found out that they have an unsatisfactory record with the Better Business Bureau and have many of these types of complaints. STAY AWAY FROM IGLOO PRODUCTS!! 
I purchased this through Amazon but returned it.  I intended to use this with their 3qt 10-inch saute pan. But it is huge! It is not an elegant design for this size pan. All Clad should have designed a screen that matches this pan instead of a one-size-fits-all from 8 inches to 13 inches.  Furthermore, the unique handle that curves over the screen takes more storage room.  My wife didn't like it.  Back to the drawing boards All-Clad 
As of today, 3/24 I have not received this product.  Very disappointed with delivery 
My company bought one of these to replace the similar Capressa 1000 machines which finally broke after N years.  After 2 days, the LED readout of the functional information stopped working. The machine continues to operate, but you can't tell what's going on, how much water it will use for your particular cup etc.  Very disappointing. We'll see how good the warranty repair is, and report back to you after we experience *that*. 
When we first bought it, it worked nicely and smoothly. Thought we do not need to buy another opener again. Boy were we wrong! After the third use, it will open only a small gap and the handle will just keep spinning. Reminds me of a car turning it's wheels will all smoke and noise but no results. Glad we still kept our old opener from a much lesser known brand. This opener certainly does damage to the KitchenAid name 
It looked like it would work, It turned like a high quality item It won't open even 1/6 of a can as a newly purchased item.  Go cheap and shop old time stores for can openers. This is an over-engineered benz-lemon of a can opener.  I'm taking it back to Nob Hill tomorrow  morning 
It seemed like it would be a great way to store cereal but it  made more of a mess than it was worth. It spit cereal all over the place. I used Special K and Kashi granola cereal so it may work better if you used it to store something soft like oatmeal or gummy bears! I returned it 
Bought this item two years ago for power plus price.  The blender ring broke right away and I had to ship it for repair.  The speedometer has never really worked correctly and eventually broke.  The blender, when it does work, is powerful.  The blender ring recently broke again. If you get a good warranty, go for it, otherwise, save your cash for a blender with a good warranty and track record.  
Corkscrew has a nice heavy duty feel and does a good job of getting the cork out once you get the corkscrew into the cork and that is where the problem lies.  Usually (but not always) Oxo products are good at making things easier to do.  I have yet to figure out what they had in mind when they designed this one.  Getting the screw into a cork is no better than a run of the mill winged corkscrew and probably worse because it is so bulky.  You also have to hold hard onto the body to keep if from turning while you are getting the screw into the cork.  Poor design this time OXO. 
Yes. I opened immediately when UPS delivered the window fan and it got a severe crack casing!!Got to return to Target minus off my shipping charges! Sad 
This blender died after 4 months of light use. I never asked it to crush ice or do anything really strenuous. I only used it to blend smoothies and tofu desserts - so the toughest thing it ever had to handle was a couple of half-frozen berries. After two months the motor started to have that burned smell when I used it. After three months the plastic bottom part of the canister started to crack. At four months, the motor started making funny noises, it smelled terrible, and the crack on the canister widened so that liquid started to spill out when in use. All in all, this blender was a total waste of money and ended up in the trash. I will NEVER buy a Hamilton Beach product again 
I purchased this BonJour frother to replace my old AeroLatte frother.  The difference between the two brands is startling!  The BonJour frothing tip is a solid wavy metal tip which actually OVER-froths the milk.  This causes the bubbles to keep breaking down.  I can only achieve a very thin layer of foam and it won't last long.  On the othe hand, the Aerolatte frothers(also widely available with several models on Amazon) uses more of an open-metal mesh tip on their wand which must be responsible for how thick and dense a foam it will create.  I'm buying another Aerolatte and will use the BonJour wand for things that don't need thick foam (like mixing salad dressing) 
I received this item - in the description is stated is was 17 inches long when in reallity it was 22 - unable to use still sitting in the box unused - tried to contact the 800 # given by the rep to return - to date no luc 
This has been a nightmare. When I received the chair I couldn't wait to put it together. However the holes for the screws were too big and therefore I was unable to secure the pieces. I called and asked if the  the right size screws could be sent. I was told that there were no provisions for that, but they would be happy to send me another one.   (I could return the faulty one in that box.) Very nice I thought. Well I got the second one. THE SCREWS ARE TOO SMALL FOR THE HOLES! Now I am stuck with chair parts all over the house and no chair to sit on! I don't recommend this item 
Do not buy the Shark Portable Steamer under any circumstances.  The trigger mechanism is defective and fails after a few uses, causing all of the steam to leak out uncontrollably, which is also exposes the user to a possible steam burn.  Euro-Pro Operating LLC does not stand behind its products.  They will not sell you a replacement trigger or hose assembly if it fails (and trust me, it will fail).  Instead, Euro-Pro wants you to spend $40 ($12.95 shipping + $27.00 "minimum" repair charge) to even look at it.  Replacement parts are an additional charge!  I can buy a competing product for the cost of Euro-Pro's "minimum repair" charge, shipping charge, + parts charge.  Euro-Pro's service after the sale stinks. I will not buy Shark Products or do business with Euro-Pro Operating LLC ever again.  
We have used Krups products for years and been highly satisfied with them. This coffee maker has two problems. (1) Its spout is badly engineered. It is impossible to pour out the last 3/4 of an inch of coffee without taking off the lid. (2) It is a thermos; so the machine does not heat up the coffee, but the pot preserves it at the temperature with which it is brewed. I like hot coffee. After the first cup, I find that I have to heat up the remainder in the microwave. This is inconvenient. I would not buy another of this model 
A year of one time daily use and this coffee maker is already going in the trash.  The swing-out filter "hinges" broke during normal use.  Once broken, the filter now no longer stays in place and falls out when the carafe is removed.  Hence it's ready for the wastebasket.  On closer inspection, the entire filter unit is made of plastic, and the hinges are only a few mm's in diameter. Sturdier design needed!      
Like everything in the world, this coffee maker is lawyer approved. In other words it does not get hot enough to cause any harm. Unfortunately one minute after poring it is not hot enough to be considered a good cup of coffee.   Every day I have to warm my coffee up in the microwave. 
Evidently the people at Krups didn't try this coffeemaker before they put it on the market. The caraffe is hard to take out and put back in. It scrapes the lid every time. They say it keeps the coffee warm if you preheat the thermos but why then have a timer? You need a microwave handy if you want a hot cup of coffee. You never know how much coffee is left in the caraffe. Also you need to turn the caraffe upside down for the last few cups. I'm sure this is the last Krup's product I will buy. 
Saucepan made in Indonesia was extremely lightweight and pan was distorted so that the lid did not fit securely.  There was no way to realign the pan so the lid would fit.  It was in the construction of the pan.  As a long time user of Revere Ware, we were very disappointed in this product sent to us.  We will never purchase another Revere Ware product.  Once burned we will not go back to a second treatment 
Ok well unlike the other reviewers, I hate this ice cream scoop. Yes, it's heavy and seems to be well-engineered. However, I don't like the somewhat square shape of the handle and have a hard time getting a good grip on it. And as another reviewer already mentioned, it has a tendency to collect water in the handle when it is washed. When I'm scooping the ice cream, the water drips out and down the handle, thus making it even harder to grip the handle. It makes the handle slippery and my hand just slides right down to the scoop and I get ice cream all over my hand. I have a cheap $2 plastic scoop that I bought when I was in college, and I prefer it to this one. 
I bought Cat Sitter1 for my 3 cats, they enjoyed it so much I gave Cat Sitter 2 a go. What a disappointment!!They were bored within 5 minutes of it being on!  The entire dvd is of birds and only birds as compared to Cat Sitter 1 that has a variety of animals that catches the cats attention span in short segments. Trust me, if you have to choose between the two, don't spend your money on on CS2, however, it may appeal to the (human) avid bird watcher...(?) 
Large burner failed after about 12 months use.  I opened it up the wire between the plug and the resistor had burned.  Not only is it broken, it is a fire hazard.  I lost all the paperwork that came with it and I probably voided the warranty by opening it.  I think I can fix it but I am not going to risk a fire, so I will try another brand 
I just got this thing 2 hours ago. In the middle of grinding a 16oz bag and it stops working. Made it through about 8oz...try again two hours later thinking motor got too hot, nope. Number one, this is nothing more than a typical small "hand held" grinder with a few lights and a cup dial that does absolutely nothing. DO NOT BUY THIS. The others who wrote a positive review must have been lighting the bottom of a spoon before they tried using this thing 
This item, affectionately named R2D2, worked like a champ with all the bells and whistles, well, actually lights and dials for about 5 weeks and then just stopped. ... Thus I'm profoundly disappointed - and now without any grinder. In fact, given its short life, the 2 star rating is incredibly generous 
These 'Vino Grande Chardonnay' glasses are less in volume and shorter in height than the Spiegeleau stemware previously sold under the same name.   
Was happy with this toaster until I had it for about 4 months. At that time the lever started acting up by not staying down.  Sometimes it worked other times we had to prop something heavy on it to keep it down. Not what I expect from a $70 toaster. Well, I have finally given up (2 months later) and am sending it back to Hamilton Beach since too much time has passed to send it to Amazon. They are sending me a new one, which I am not sure I am happy about. Might just exchange it somewhere for a toaster-oven......... 
I had researched this product for juicing ability and power.  I ended up buying this one and after using it *twice* the motor just shut off.  I returned this product and waited 3 months for the replacement.  I decided to try juicing carrots and celery, and after no more than 5 minutes the motor just shut itself off again.  I might be able to forgive this if it was the only problem with it.  If you are juicing small things, like berries, with larger vegetables/fruit the unit will get off balanced shake the top loose and damage the blade.  I know I read these bad reviews and said, &quot;oh that won't happen to me&quot;... but it did.  I hope you choose a different juicer 
I did a lot of research and chose this juicer based on reputation, motor power and style.  I exchanged the first one and am now going to have to exchange/return the second one because it automatically turns off after about 90 seconds, even if nothing is being juiced and the motor just runs!  It is not the electricity as I have used several more powerful appliances in the same outlet 
I bought this blender based on the reviews here, as well as its great-looking design.  When I got the blender, only one of those factors came through.    First thing I noticed:  both blender jars leaked badly.  After reseating the seal in the glass jar and tightening it as hard as possible, the leak was slightly reduced.  The metal jar still poured out liquids from the base.    Second thing I noticed:  this blender cannot make a good smoothie.  Even after a couple minutes of blending, there are chunks of ice and fruit which have been totally untouched by the blades (regardless of how little ice is put in the smoothie).  For a blender of any price, the DeLonghi does a poor job making smoothies.  For a blender that costs what the DeLonghi does, this performance is totally unjustifiable.    But, hey, it does look really good 
I have owned this vacuum for 2 years. It was great at first. Now, with a 3 level house, it is heavy and awkward to lug around and the hose that serves as the main suction shaft gets clogged at the drop of a hat. I have made mess after mess cleaning out clogs in the hose and now it drops dirt everywhere I move it. The main filter wears out really fast and is expensive to replace. If I had to do it all over again, I'd buy something else. Invest more in a better vacuum- not this one 
I bought this product on my mom's suggestion, because she was impressed with the suction power.  Not only did the suction power fade over the first few months of ownership, but within 6 months the vacuum was completely broken.  I called in to customer service because it was still under warranty, and they were anything but helpful.  They sent me to a small shop 45 minutes away to have it fixed, which took over a month.  They even lost my paperwork.  One month later it broke again, and customer service suggested I take it out in my backyard, take the vacuum apart, and blow the small holes with an air compressor to clean it out.  For $400, this is ridiculous.  I want my $100 vacuum back 
I thought this glass would be of better quality than it is. It took 3 shipments (re cieved and returned) to get my complete order without any breakage. These glasses are too fragile and in practice, impractical. Because of the design, one must live with fingerprints all over the body of the glass. Not too appealing when you are observing the "legs" of your wine. Recommend that you pass these by 
I got a set of 8 a few months ago. First one package arrived with a broken one, then all of them ended up broken. They break if you fill them with water and try to take them by the side. they break if you set them a little too fast on the table. One of them broke by just holding it. Such poor quality I am extremely disapointed. But I loved the design though 
I have owned this blanket for less than a month so I cannot make any judgment about its longterm durability, but the first (and only) time it was washed it shed like a buffalo in springtime, and the dye used on the "moss" green was not colorfast in warm water and detergent.  I gave it two stars because it is reasonably warm, and has an attractive weave 
I guess misters are hard to make because most of the ones I have bought in my life don't work out of the box or die shortly after.  This one didn't even work out of the box. There was no mist, just air. Oh well, I figured I was taking my chances anyway. If you buy this, hopefully you have better luck.  Update: Nowadays, most grocery stores sell pre-packaged, pressurized spray canisters of olive or canola oil. It's like a can of Raid except it sprays oil. I have found that these work perfectly and last a long time 
I ordered this product 3 months back - as they say "Got into the line". This item was part of an larger order so i could have gotten free shipping. Now I get an email from Amazon stating this item has been cancelled as it was further delayed and as I did not respond to thier email for extending the wait time. I never got an email and now as the remaining items have been delivered - if I need one then I will end up paying shipping too. Amazon is normally good about these things - how can they still have it listed on the site when they are cancelling orders in the pipeline 
This didn't do as well as an old microwve poper I've used for yers.  It didn't showa great increase in kernals popped,and they were not as light and crispy.  It is absolutely necessary to use the 'power packs', which I couldn't find in local stores.  Since I gave several of the poppers as gifts I shopped on line for replacement 'power packs' for all and found the postage/handling fee for 10 packages was ten times what it cost for one (incredibly light) pack. 
Pretty, but started rusting on the edges after first wash..Would not buy these again.. 
I read tons and tons of reviews of this product and decided to take a chance on it.  Well that chance did not pay off.  Even in combination with the spray model my cat continued to spray everywhere.  If anyone else has ideas for something that does work i would really appreciate it.  
Well, its uz hot to the touch and it hasn't really seemed to help my cat with her tension.  Maybe she just doesn't have a problem that Feliway can help.  Anyway, I'm not too thrilled.  Speedy delivery though 
While the water tasted better, this model didn't last for more than about two months before leaking and eventually spraying water all over the place 
Makes good coffee but grinder lid breaks very often and has to be replaced. Since the lid is costly to replaced we bought a separate Krups grinder. Cusinart does't answer e-mails about the problem. Look at the number of recondition makers for sale and draw your own conclusions 
I have to agree with the review about overflowing and basket popping....while this coffee maker does make excellent coffee, if you put a grain too much of ground coffee in it, it will overflow....very frustrating as we like strong coffee. Because ours has overflowed so many times, the metal plate on the bottom has corroded and now it won't hold water....I'll never buy this frogware again 
      Toaster was defective. Had to send it back. Cost me $20 in shipping and I have nothing to show for it 
the coffe table arrived broken the item where easy to asemble and look good 
I'm not sure the timer I receib=ved works properly. The timing mechanism dseems accurate, however, the sound it makes when the time is up is more like a "ticking". If you are nor right near it, you'll never hear it 
I ordered this pan even though i had never heard about this brand before.But the picture on the site and the product review looked good.When i recieved this item the lid that was promised was not shipped.The pan looked worn out and it looked factory refurbished.I returned the pan today and i promised myself that this is the last time i order brands that i have never heard about through the internet.Its better to stick to brands like faberware and calphalon which have not caused me any problems earlier and have lasted for such a long time 
A drawback of Calphalon's anodized alumninum is that it cannot be cleaned in the dishwasher.  But stainless steel is dishwasher safe, and Amazon's product description claims that Calphalon's stainless steel line is dishwasher safe.  But if you check out www.calphalon.com and look at the description of their stainless line, it explicitly prohibits using dishwasher detergent.  So it is "dishwasher safe" but you can't use dishwasher detergent. 
Yes, it sits in my drawer and that's all, it's only useful if you have a real dread of trace garlic aroma on your fingers. Instead I cut off the base of the garlic with a widish knife, then put the flat side of the knife on the garlic and whack it with my fist. It's so much quicker and easier, the skin comes off no problem, plus crushing garlic releases more flavour than merely slicing it.   
These glasses are VERY cheap. I sent everyone of them back. When i recived them 2 were broken. They are very thin 
The first time I used it I couldn't even boil water in it on my flat surface stove! A notice that came with it said, "This pot may not work on all stoves, refer to the owners manual." (No owners manual was sent with it.) As soon as the water started to heat, the pot danced and wobbled all over and the water was sloshing out of the top! Nothing in the web site ad referred to the pot not working on a flat surface. It would have been nice to have known before ordering, as I am not a pro cook and have no special knowledge of these details 
more thought needs to be put into the design of this produc 
Don't waste your money on this. Unless you like your coffee luke warm (I can't imagine it) you will not be satisfied with this product. I am promptly returning mine 
Worked great for a couple months and then the gears stripped out. Guess you get what you pay for 
I read the review for this product on Amazon. Lindsey who is one of the 2 reviewers of this product actually had posted a video of the product usage and I was very much convinced by that. I thought the product is good and ordered it immediately. The product arrived in 4-5 days and was in good condition.   The most important problem with the roti maker is  1. the roti/tortilla is not cooked properly. It remains very much uncooked. Even though you see it puff and everything from the inside it remains uncooked which actually causes a lot of acidity problems.   2. Also such an uncooked tortilla when left for a few minutes becomes very dry and difficult to eat. You have to eat the tortilla immediately within 10-15 minutes of the making. Just imagine if you are making 5-7 tortillas the first one will be come dry and difficult to chew.  3. The product works as described but the tortillas are not at all good for health since they remain uncooked in the inside 
After I cracked and ruined my original filter, I purchased a new one that insisted the BioMax inserts were essential to its functionality. Having had my original filter for about 6 years, I decided to follow the instructions about adding BioMax, thinking this was a product upgrade. I was deeply dissapointed. Not only did it create cloudy water, despite my effort to add "clear water" drops to resolve this, but the lifespan of my fish decreased dramatically.  I was losing fish every week.  Once I removed the BioMax insert, the water cleared instantly and my fish started to thrive 
I bought it some time ago for much less, also  from Amazon. It is not worth $24.00. May be $6.9 
It's noisy and expensive - you can get that from reading the other reviews on this page. Ours stopped working within 2 weeks of light use. I called the company and when I described the problem they said it was a faulty unit. Thankfully the store let me return it and I got my money back. We have bought the Hamilton Beach TrueAir 04381 Allergen Reducer Air Cleaner which is cheaper, smaller, and very quiet. Most importantly, it works!!! 
After just a few months of occasional use the lever to lower the bread would not stay down.  I see now that others have had this problem.  Typical "Made in China" junk.  No more T-Fal for us 
I bought this toaster after reading several reviews, finding a reasonable price, and liking the look of it.  I was looking to upgrade since my old toaster (a toastmaster) was cranked to the highest setting and needed to go through two toast cycles to lightly brown.  I am seriously disappointed with this toaster.  I put my english muffin in and only half the muffin toasts, and that half usually ends up burnt.  The slots are slanted forward, and it seems that when the muffin is in the toaster, it is the upper portion that over toasts, and the lower portion comes out essentially raw.  Though my toastmaster was only 6 years old or so, and had to go through two cycles....it still toasted better then this T-Fal.  I bought it several weeks ago and have only used it a handful of times, I am going to try to clean it up good and return it for some other brand.   Hope this helps 
This toaster lasted for about 8 months before it started to burn toast on one side, even at low settings.  We are very disappointed with this purchase 
A 1/3 inch split developed in the wood on the spoon's flat edge after about five uses(I hand wash and dry promptly). The same thing happened to the replacement Amazon sent. Amazon-Great!! Mario Batali- not so great 
I'm looking for a timer.  Simple as can be.  I should have listened to the previous reviews.  This thing simply did not work right out of the box.  It would "catch" at the 20 minute mark and just get stuck there.  Great.  I would definitely not recommend this product 
I bought this hoping to wow my family with some 30 minute meals but this doesn't work great on my electric stove.  If you leave it up too high for longer than a minute on the grill side the griddle coating burns off and stinks up the place.  If you can't leave it up high you don't get good grill marks.  I end up putting on high for a few minutes and then back down.  Doesn't cook thick meat for chicken breast through well.  You are better off finishing them in a real pan in the oven.  The coating chips easily.  I am thinking of going with cast iron as it is more work in the begining but I think it worth it in the long run 
For the price, you get what you pay for.  They are not the best quality 
Sleep better?  How could you sleep better when your pillow has a WARNING- FLAMABLE label?  Scary.  The pillows are soft but does not have great neck support.  I'm usually a side or stomach sleeper.  The pillows are better for hugging 
The pans look very nice and very durable-but they are NOT!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY DO NOT BUY THIS!!! I had to put them through the dishasher a second time to remove some more of the sticky residue on the bottom of the pan from the label. When they came out of the dishwasher there were RUST SPOTS all over them. I am going to try and return mine as soon as I get a chance. I never even got to use the pans before they rusted. It should be noted that a)The pans were NEVER left soaking in water or in the sink b)There was not ANYTHING even the TINIEST bit rusty in the dishwasher with them to have "rubbed off" rust onto them or anything like that. HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE pans-they should be ashamed to make or sell these!! 
I purchased four of these pillows! I really shouldn't have wasted my money. They fluff up as soon as you take them out of the bags but after you sleep on them they are flat and impossible to fluff up, i'd rather sleep without a pillow at all!! 
This was a special offer and the price seemed excellent. Description stated "Standard Classic White Goose Down Feather Pillow". A more accurate description would have been "Mostly Feather Pillow with Some Goose Down, Skimpily Filled". I would have purchased better quality had the description been more accurate; i.e. larger quantity is listed first with additional quantities listed in descending order. Vendor should have precisely listed percentage of feather to down content, as they did with other catalog items. I believe they kept description fuzzy leading one to believe it was a fantastic offer rather than what it was. Caveat emptor 
I am totally unimpressed with this set of bowls.  I received them a few days ago and washed them, and one has already managed to crack after falling of the drying rack and into the sink.  A melamine bowl should be far sturdier than this.  The orange measuring cup/bowls towards the center are nice, but the outer bowls are rather flimsy.  
I should have followed the advice of most of the reviewers here before I purchased this humidifer.  There was a large mineral buildup but that was the least of it.  Worked fairly good for three months but then it stopped working.  One of the controls literally "froze" in place and the machine was unusable.  No way to fix it - had to throw it away.  What a shame.  Next time I will pay closer attention to what people write.  My advice - by something other than a Honeywell.  I have three packages of filters that I purchased separately - another waste of money 
The unit features automatic shut off when water is low by using a proximity switch via a float with a magnet in it. It has a shut off by setting humidity level and a shut off by count down timer. After a few weeks of use, the unit started leaking and you can't even tell where the leak is coming from. The pads do not prevent mineral build up on the hot plate. I am getting brownish deposits which I believe to be rust. The only way to remove it, is with white vinegar and old toothbrush which I had to bend into an "L" shape in order to get at and clean the stainless steel hotplate which boils the water. I was happy with the unit and preferred it over an ultrasonic unit I had, until it start leaking 
This product is markedly inferior to its main competitor, the Pur 2-Stage Dispenser.  Specifically, I found two main flaws:  1.  The spigot draws water from at least an inch and a half up from the base of the dispenser.  As a result, quite a lot of water is left inaccessible for drinking, even after tipping over the dispenser.  2.  Even more infuriatingly, the spigot's connection to the main housing is so poorly designed that it eventually starts to leak water all over the place.  The first dispenser I purchased started to leak after 1 week.  I dutifully exchanged it for another one, which proceeded to leak after about 2 weeks.  It appears that the "O-ring" that connects the spigot to the main housing shrinks when it gets cold. . . a rather fatal flaw for an item intended for use in a refrigerator.  Despite being a lifelong Brita user, I exchanged this product for a Pur 2-stage dispenser.  I am now converted and will never go back.  The dispenser is rock solid, and the water even tastes better 
This fountain is a piece of junk.  I ordered three of them, and all three had cracks and holes in the top piece.  The top piece is a molded resin that is very thin in places.  The thin regions easily crack, making it unsightly, interfering with the performance, and within days rendering the fountain unusable.  I was very disappointed and ended up buying an entirely different fountain 
This filter is not, in my estimation, any good. It leaves a sediment , and the end product, the coffee, tastes terrible. Use paper filters insted for a great cup of coffee 
I bought this coffee maker about 2 years ago. Used 2 x daily and cleaned every month with either vinegar or special cleaner. Unfortunately it began leaking water from outside top of machine. Very poor quality machine .I just threw mine out in the trash bin. Just got tired of constantly having to mop up after it. Don't buy this coffeemaker- a waste of good money( I paid $99.99) 
This product is a poorly designed piece of crap that is destined to fail from the first day you use it.  A friend had purchased this item a few months back and asked me to look at it when it died recently. (I have been repairing electrical and electronic equipment for almost 30yrs). This is a perfect example of a "throw-away" item. If more care had gone into the design and a few more dollars into producing it you might have a product that could last a few years. Neither was done. Look at how many reviews mention the item failing after only a few months... and even the positive reviewers usually have only been using it for a month or so-  Do yourself a favor and buy a commercial grade hot plate from a reputable manufacturer. You will pay more but you will likely still be using it many years from now. (Not too mention that the operation will be better also). How much "VALUE" is in a $20 hot plate when it is headed to the landfill a few months from now? It is a shame that so many people are willing to accept low quality products these days and think it is OK if it lasted a few months (note the reviews...)  Good Luck- 
This burner is driving me nuts.  It was okay for the first 2 weeks, took forever to heat up but it would boil water.  Well I am trying to make pasta now, and it won't even boil the water.  I would NEVER by another toastmaster product 
Don't buy this product.  It was ill-fitting and incompatible with the coffee maker amazon matched it up with.  I returned mine and went with paper filters, which work so much better and are cleaner 
We had a set of Chicago Cutlery knives for many years and thought they were good quality.  Over time, the wooden handles dried out and the blades didn't sharpen very well.  So we replaced them with this set, but were very disappointed. The blades rust after very brief exposure to water.  We are still using the old ones 
I own the graphite style of this set.  I was originally very happy with the purchase - the set looked great, didn't chip easily, and was a great size.  After a year of use I've come up with a list of problems:  The clear glazed surface on the plates and bowls can be scored by utensils which allows water/dirt to penetrate to the porous ceramic below leaving stains that cannot be removed.  The semi-matte finish acquires a "powdery", almost bleached, look to it after many washings (says dishwasher safe, guess that means the colors don't wash away immediately)  My biggest complaint:  We bought these because they were "microwave safe".  I don't know what microwave safe means to most people, but it means to me that I could put a plate, bowl or cup in the microwave, heat up the contents, and then safely remove the object and use it.  In the case of the set I purchased, it only seems to mean that the item placed in the microwave will not explode.  Unfortunately in the case of the Sango Graphite set, it means that the contents of the set are sheilded by the (plate/bowl/cup) and that the contents will emerge warm at best while you burn your hand attempting to extract the (plate/bowl/cup) that has soaked all of the energy up from the microwave.  They get VERY hot!  (Cup of water heated for 2 mins results in water temperature of 120F while cup surface is 170F!) I've only broken 2 items from the set, both times I dropped the items after getting them partly out of the microwave and realizing that my fingers were being burned (first time I thought it was a fluke, second time I learned my lesson) and dropped the item on the hard stove surface below the microwave.    I emailed Sango several times and received no response at all.    While I liked the set a lot initially, I have been very disappointed over time with its quality. I will never purchase another from Sango again 
Unsatisfied.  Never received the item.. Waited 8 wks before canceling order. Purchased item at Macy' 
poor quality, the cover leaks, I had to return it back, DO NOT BUY 
I've owned one of these for about a month.  It's a total waste of money.  It rarely sprays, just a steady stream of oil.  I'm diabetic and thought this would be a good way to restrict my use of oil on salads, etc.  I am so very disappointed......   I'll try to find another brand that is more reliable and that does what it's advertised 
I placed an online order of the set at RONCO and cancelled it 5 minutes later.  To confirm my concellation is in time, I called RONCO hours later.  Despite their promise on the phone, they still send the package.  After I refuses to accept the shipment (follow their instruction), they still charge me $35 for the shipping.  These people do business in such disgraceful way.  How can you expect a good quality product from them 
This wok is heavy and unbalanced - it can tip while on the element.    The long handle is thick and uncomfortable, and its solid weight is probably what unbalances the wok.  Lifting it up is difficult with one hand and trying to shift the food to a plate is a dangerous task.    The flat bottom isn't wide enough to really be stable or to capture enough heat for the high temperature required for stir-frying.  If I wanted to saut? I'd have gotten a saut?pan.  The lid is also heavy and difficult to put anywhere.  You need lots of counter space.  As well, this wok just isn't large enough for stir-frying for more than two people 
I paid what I would call a fairly high price for a blanket I could have gotten from a Discount club for half the price.  The photo is very misleading in that only the top and bottom edges are hemmed, the left/right sides are simply cut.  I expect this to disolve within 4 washes.  Will not buy from this manufacturer again 
It looked okay when I opened it.  Then I washed it before using and my washer and dryer were full of "cranberry" colored lint (wet in the washer and dry in the dryer).  The next time I washed it was better but, still some lint in the washer and normal in the dryer.  It is not warm enough alone.  It might be okay in the warmer months but, not what I expected for winter 
I have used Wamsutta for years and have always been pleased with their quality and softness.  But I sincerely regret having bought these sheets.  I purchased one set, and, after the 2nd wash, there was enough pilling that they were uncomfortable to sleep on (all the little "balls" felt scratchy).  My husband asked me why we were using the "old" sheets instead of the new ones because they looked so worn!  I was so suprised that I called Wamsutta directly, and the very nice lady there assured me that I must have gotten a defective set, because that simply "doesn't happen with their sheets".  So I exchanged them with an identical pair.  And the end of the story is that I am returning this set for a refund because it is doing the exact same thing.  What a disappointment.  Absolutely do not recommend, and am now very wary of all Wamsutta products 
Yes, it is pretty. No, it is not a good teapot. I have made tea for over 40 years, in all sorts of pots, and this is right up there with the worst. It drips A LOT! Perhaps those who think it does not drip were just looking at the spout. And no, it does not drip from the spout. Rather, lots of tea runs down the underside of the spout and ends in a big puddle under the pot.  This happens with both fast and slow pouring, with full and near empty pots.  This teapot will most likely have to become a pretty red flowerpot. Just too much mopping up 
I bought this sheet set, the newest blue comforter with the light saber duel, and the micro bead pillow as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old son.  He, too, loves Star Wars...and as I read the other reviews, Im nodding my head.  THESE SHEETS FEEL LIKE BURLAP!  I have washed them regularly since December...with no improvement.  They dont fade, though..which I suppose was the motivation behind the manufacturer making them with 70% polyester and only 30% cotton. VERY STIFF AND SCRATCHY 
got it to work once    but can't now   dont buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I loved this when we first got it home. I'm handicapped and can't push a big vacuum. So, this was just right to pick up the "top & showing" dirt until the housekeeper could get here once a week.   But after two months the AC adapter cord just snapped in half. It was oddly brittle from the very beginning. I contacted Euro Pro who would not replace it under warranty. So, I ordered a new adapter from them (which came to approx. $15) with shipping.  Now six weeks later, they sent me a card saying "due to overwhelming demand....." the adapter is on back order. I wonder why they have such a large demand? Funnily enough, the cleaner has still been working for the whole six weeks on it's last charge. But, no more.  I think it's time to bury it and move onto an old fashioned (no power) push sweeper 
I decided to return this about 45 seconds after opening it.  The metal is thin and flimsy, and the construction very poor (e.g., little plastic end guards cheap looking and loose).  Also, it was a bit lopsided, so it did not sit squarely on my counter.  Maybe it works fine.  Who knows.  The design and manufacture were so poor, I didn't keep it long enough to find out 
I understand the appeal of having the convenience of a spout on a bottle of oil, but be aware that the spout will allow air into the bottle. You may think air only gets in when you pour oil out, but that's not true. Any time the temperature rises, the air in the bottle expands and some escapes through the spout. When the temperature drops, air enters the spout. This is true of even small changes in temperature such as you experience in a kitchen. If you don't use the oil pretty quickly this constant exchange of air will expose the oil to oxygen and that will cause the oil to go rancid.  If you use cheap olive oil (and pretty much all grocery store olive oil is cheap oil -- even the extra virgin) you may not notice as much since cheap oils tend to be more bitter than good olive oils, but it will still happen. I would never put olive oil in a bottle with a spout again. (I learned this lesson the hard way.)  A better option, though less elegant, is to use a bottle with a pour spout and cap, or find a pour spout that has a cap to seal it 
I would not recommend purchasing these sheets.  They are thin, not very soft, and they wrinkle easily 
The feel of the sheet is good, but the details, such as the elastic are questionable.  Elastic on fitted sheet is loose and slips off easily 
The bad news about these 300 thread count sheets is that the threads must be so thin as to qualify for supermodel status.  This causes the fabric to be so thin, you can just about see your hand through it.  Also, out of the dryer they are quite wrinkled.  The good news is that the red border color that I chose did not bleed in the washer.  Further, they did not shrink at all.  I don't know how they feel to sleep on, as they are for a guest bed, for occasional use only.  Just by the way they look, if I were to use them daily I would have returned them 
Not too happy with this small pizza stone--before I ordered this one for a long time I had a set of flat bricks in my oven that were made for pizza baking and bread baking.  I couldnt find these bricks again--I had them for a long time and they were cracked and hard to clean by now BUT they were so much better than this small round stone!  My bricks made my pizza crust so crispy--and this stone is a poor substitute for this!  My bricks were square and made a beautiful large square on my shelf--if anyone knows what I am writing about--PLS email me and let me know where these set of bricks can be found and their name!  I am not happy with this pizza set-the rack is of no use--the pizza cutter is a cheap one--they really should put the money into making a better product than giving extras 
I could not believe the condition in which this rolling pin arrived.  When I opened the bag around the pin one handle fell off.  When I looked at the pin I noticed huge dark gouges in the wood pieces that make the ravioli.  I thought that was bad enough but when I turned the pin over there was a huge chunk out of one of the wood pieces.  Needless to say, it's useless.  This was my first experience with amazon and it will be my last 
Unfortunately, I ordered these twice and received rectangular bakers instead.  This was *not* Amazon's fault, but Emile Henry's for mislabling the box as oval bakers when they were not.  In fairness to Amazon, they tried to make it right but had a difficult time doing so since the contents of the box were mislabled.  Althought I would have preferred the oval bakers, I kept the rectangular ones and do like them 
I found it very awkward trying to stabilize the pump with one hand, and pull the pump up  and down to get the air out. Also I can not get the top out of the decanter. It seems stuck there. As a result, I can not say if it does what you claim 
First one came cracked, second one came chipped.  Gave up 
Washed them once (before using) and now they look really old. They have loose threads hanging out in several places and have small balls all over them.  I am not impressed. Would not buy again 
I ordered it on 9/9.  At the beginning it would come middle of October.  It was OK.  However, delivery schedule had been changed.  It is not arrived yet, nor I do not know when it will come.  Amazon knows this delay.  However, they asked me to send a review of it.  What does it mean?  I rated this item as  1-star; it is not for the item, but for the seller, Amason. Amazon is generally good campany, I think.  However, I cannot accept my situation for this.  Honestly saying, I want to rate 0-star for this order 
well built, take apart to clean, very noisy and the setting for the width of slicing moves to much and thickness changes 
I have really enjoyed the quality of all of my other Cuisinart cookware.  Unfortunately, this tea kettle does not belong in the otherwise excellent product line.  The kettle's shape makes it very difficult to pour.  The handle conveys all of the heat of the boiling water, so you are not able to touch the handle without a hot pad.  I have given up using the whistle attachment for two reasons:  first, it is not made of Cuisinart's stainless steel (it appears to be made of plastic with a silver plastic coating), and so it has cracked and peeled from the heat; and second, it is impossible to remove the whistle when the kettle is hot so you are unable to pour your boiling water (often all that comes off when attempting to remove the whistle is the decorative ball on its tip!).  I really wish that I had returned this tea kettle 
I ordered this table based on the reviews I read and boy I will never do that again.  This table is such poor quality and is NOT worth the money.  I am so disappointed in it that I shoved it in a corner where no one can see it and put a plant on it. It is not a sturdy table so if you are looking for something that holds up this is not one to buy.  I would say this table is worth $20 and no more........... 
I bought these because I was looking for nice red glass.  I'm almost embarrassed at the size of them.  They are not practical but i paid so little it wasn't worth sending them back.  I recently saw them in Bloomingdale's so maybe this is the new trend but they won't do anything for your wine.  
A few times it worked great, but mostly it brewed uneven. I'm not being a nitpicker here... Literally one cup would overflow and the other would be 3 inches below the brim. There was no pattern to it, sometimes it was  the left one, sometimes the right one, sometimes neither. Filling the reservoir and seeing where the water level falls is challenging... don't mess up because there are holes in the back and the water will pour right out the back and all over your counter! It only took two days before I realized this was not worth the money or the time 
I am becoming steadily more disillusioned with the KitchenAid brand. This blender is only one of several KA appliances I have purchased that only lasted about a year. I don't use a blender much, maybe once a month, so when this died after only eleven months, I was shocked. KitchenAid was no help whatsoever. My husband took it apart & discovered that the motor still works, but the on/off switch went bad; however we found that having it repaired would cost as much as a new blender!! After years of brand loyalty, I am sad to say that I will not be buying anymore KitchenAid 
I was very upset with these sheets and how much lint is STILL coming off. It totally clogged my dryer. I have washed them 3 times and I still come up with a trap full. Should have sent them back. 
I bought this only because I wanted a pair of stainless shears. You do need your muscles, though. I am using it to remove the fins from fish. Good luck 
I thought I was getting a SET of forks NOT one fork. The picture and description are deceptive. The picture depicts a set(s) I am sure the ONE fork I got is great but I have 5 other hands that need a fork as well 
very bad quality, not worth to buy it. it is not as good as the picture. Don't buy it!! 
I am extremely happy with this product.  It works like a charm for making pancakes and they never ever stick.  It's a superb design and I am very pleased.  I would highly recommend it 
I was not pleased with this griddle at all.  After reading the positive reviews, I ordered it.  Maybe mine was defective, but every piece of french toast in the front of the griddle was on the verge of burning when I flipped them.  It did not cook evenly for me and the directions were unclear as to what you can actually put in the dishwasher.  Oh well.  Can't win them all 
Normally things I purchase, have no problem.  This item is now being used to heat water when company comes over for tea.  Has to be the worse item to make coffee yet. Always purchase the whole beans and grind the coffee myself, this item just never got the coffee's true wonderful flavor.  Perhaps because it was a refurbished item, but I just think Hamilton Beach needs to improve this item big time 
We had previously bought this same coffee maker new and liked it so much that we wore it out.  When I saw the refurbished for $20.00 I thought it was a great deal.  It would have been if it had come with all the parts and didn't leak!!  It didn't come with seals or with the water purifier.  I tried everything including new seals (that I bought separately).  Eventually we just went out and purchased a new one, because we still like the model.  
I had high hopes for this nightlight after reading other reviews, but it isn't so hot. The light isn't very bright and quite diffused, and the light sensor isn't sensitive enough - it stays on in all but the brightest light. I ordered two, but have only opened one, and the other is likely to stay in its packaging 
I'm a student in college, and when my first hamper ripped, I decided that it was time to buy a sturdier hamper. My roommate rarely does his laundry, so he has huge loads, but his hamper manages to carry it all. I saw the Whitney Design hamper online, which looked nearly identical to my roommate's hamper, so I bought it.  When the hamper arrived, I put my clothes in it, and prepared to do laundry. The shoulder strap ripped right off. I didn't even fill up the hamper all the way, as is shown in the picture. Amazon sent me a replacement, but now I am afraid of using the shoulder strap again, and I have to awkwardly grasp the sides around the metal wires. This hamper may be able to function, but not well. And for a college student, this is definitely not sturdy enough 
OK, so I thought I was crazy, not being able to make a decent meal with my crockpot. People were making fun of me, "HOW CAN YOU BURN ANYTHING IN A CROCKPOT"?? Now, I look at the reviews on this thing and see that I AM NOT ALONE. I always wondered why people liked food out of a crockpot! Now I know that they are not SUPPOSED TO be like this!!! DO NOT EVER BUY THIS THING UNLESS YOU LIKE SCORCHING BURN GUNK!!!!! On the 10 hour setting it starts boiling within only a few hours!!!!  I am trashing mine today!! 
 I have used one crock pot or another for many years. I bought this one because I was delighted with the sturdy removable stoneware bowl; I really like this feature. Clean-up is easy. I use this crock pot for soups and beans because it cooks way too hot for anything else. Even so, I need to stir from time to time. Apparently, excessive temperature is the problem most people are having with this pot. This might be a safety issue; I would not keep this pot on and leave the house. I am disappointed that the handle has broken off of the lid, which really should not happen with normal use. I lifted the lid, to stir of course, and off came the handle! Lifting the lid is definately normal use!   
I took water temperatures at high, low, and keepwarm. I am at 5200 ft altitude so water boils at about 195. All temps reached 203 and the water was in a rapid boil!I have a small Rival I picked up for $12 and it works great low 190, high 199, and Warm 160 
I received these as a wedding gift.  Not, five of my tall glasses are broken, and two short glasses...none of which were from dropping them.  One broke as I was hand-washing them, and cut up my hand.  Another literally broke as a guest was drinking out of it.  I was so embarrassed 
I liked the blinker light when I got it.  In fact, friends noticed it and I referred them here to get it.  HOWEVER, in short order, it went on the blink, so to speak.  The on-off mechanics are not well designed and literally half the time the darn thing is such a pain to get working, I either take it apart and reassemble it or throw it back in the drawer 
I have loved every Le Creuset product I have purchased with the big exception of the Whistling Teakettle!  I did away with it a couple of months ago and bought the Brittany model to replace it.  The Whistling kettle burned my hand on several occasions, as the design of the spout allowed the hot water to spit and jump right out of the pot!  The whistle is removable and you must put your hand near the spout to remove it for pouring.  Even after waiting a minute after taking the water off the heat, the water would still jump from the spout.  While a little larger than I would have liked, the Brittany does not have the same problem and the whistle can be safely flipped up before pouring.  I have been very pleased with my new kettle and would recommend the Brittany by far over the Whistling 
One shouldn't have to empty water out after every use.  One shouldn't be punished with a rusty teapot for leaving water in the pot once or twice.  That is not a functional teapot, if that may be the case.  Though it is the prettiest teapot around, it is not very practical if you want to keep it around for a while.  Le Creuset products are generally supposed to last a lifetime, but the enamelware can't even touch the quality of the cast-iron cookware.  Fortunately, the company stands by its products and I am sending mine back for a replacement.  See www.lecreuset.com for details.. 
I have probably seen hundreds of tea kettles by now and still love the look of this one the best.  Only problem is that they RUST!!!  I had mine a few weeks when I noticed the rust spots on the interior.  I don't imagine the enamel could have been chipped on the inside of the pot, so it must have happened simply because I leave water in my tea kettle at all times.  The directions that come with this kettle say not to do so, but any serious tea drinker like me knows that's unrealistic.  I threw mine out and am very disapointed that something that cost so much money didn't last long at all.  I thought Le Creuset was supposed to be really high quality but I'm officially disillusioned thanks to this tea pot 
I ordered two based on the description that the mug keeps the coffee hot and that it is spill proof.  The coffee barely comes out of the lid to sip and when I tip it up to even get a drop more of it seeps out of the area where it screws on so it drips down the front of me.  It is a very frustrating mug to drink from.  The only thing that is good about it is that it is very well insulated and does keep the coffee hot.  
The set is lovely and coordinates perfectly with my OCR china set. The box is also beautiful. I wish they'd give you a diagram for placement of the flatware in the box for those of us who are first-timers. 
The seals are not air or water tight.  There is no problem with the cansiter or the clear window, but I cannot store any flour or rice type products as the seals are not airtight and allow bugs in them.  The canisters themselves do not rust and the lids are not easy to remove 
I bought this and used it once. Right from the begining I could tell this was a shotty product. I don't know who designed the wringing fuction but it doesn't work in the least. And the removeable cleaning head would not stay attached half the time and I assure you it was inserted correctly. Waste of money!! 
Unless you look like Popeye and/or have the ability to rip phone books in half with your bare hands, you will struggle to wring this mop out. Even if you can move the wringer, the handle sections slide apart. I spent more time putting it back together and cursing than actually cleaning the floor 
I've bought a number of Oxo kitchen accessories, and found them to be sturdy, remarkably well designed, and easy to use.  Unfortunately, this timer is an exception.  It has the usual features typical of timers at this price point: clock plus timer, ten number keys for input, memory, etc. But instead of being flat with a magnet on the back so it can fall off the refrigerator like other timers, it's round like a traditional wind-up kitchen timer. It's solid-feeling and has nice non-skid feet on the bottom.  The problem is the display. It's horrible. For three reasons:  First, the numbers are small -- smaller than any other timer I've seen. They're about 1/4" high, half or less the size of those on comparable timers.  Second, the numbers are recessed 1/8" or more beneath a clear plastic cover, not on the surface -- it's dark in there and feels like looking down a well. It desperately needs a backlight, but there is none. Unless the light source is shining directly into the display, there's a large dark shadow covering part of the numbers. But that causes the third problem:  The clear plastic cover over the numbers is both curved and highly reflective, and it's virtually impossible to arrange things so that there isn't a reflection shining back into your eyes .  The bottom line is that I have to fiddle around to get the timer, the light source, and myself into a position where I can read the small, dark, shadowed, and reflective display. Not what I need when I'm trying to cook.  It's just not worth it. Since I have several other timers with displays I don't have to strain to read, I use this one as a paperweight. I'd have to say it works very well.  I just don't understand how Oxo managed to let such a flawed design out the door 
the thing did not work right from the beginning and now the tail fell off would not recommend it to anyon 
The pitcher is made from poor quality materials. We have two pitchers and have never washed them in the dishwasher. In less than a year, both pitchers cracked along the seam that runs from the spout down the side of the pitcher. If we attempt to use them, tea immediately leaks all over the counter. Since other pitchers are not compatible with the machine, our ice tea maker is useless. We have owned two previous Mr. Coffee Ice Tea models in the past ten years. The pitchers lasted for several years before eventually cracking. Mr. Coffee chose to use inferior materials with this model. I am very disappointed in the quality and will never trust their company again. I am now searching for an ice tea maker that uses quality materials 
Its an oven timer, right?  So why is it made out of cheap plastic that CAN MELT?  The first time it was used was also the last time it was used because it was left on top of the oven while I baked a batch of cookies.  The heat from the oven melted the back of the timer.  Good thing I also used the timer on the oven clock as a back up or I may have had to pitch the timer AND the cookies.  Even if this product were free, I would not use one 
We've had this for about five years.  The battery went dead but THERE IS NO WAY TO CHANGE THE BATTERY.  The battery is soldered to the circuit board!  They expect you to ship it back to the factory which will probably cost $20 each way!  I opened it up, cut out the old battery, and duct-taped a new battery in there but it just comes loose every few months.  Cooks rice great, though 
I have owned this type of product for years and it works very well.  This review is to warn others to think twice about ordering it from amazon. They shipped the first one damaged. Then the replacement for the damaged one was much worse than the first one!  Very frustrating and time wasting. Think about it... its a plastic product that if not shipped/packed properly is going to be damaged and will likely leak water.  I have ordered many things from amazon for many years and this is the worst result I have seen. Needless to say I am getting a refund and buying from another retailer 
We have been searching for a solution to our very uncomfortable seats in our Ford Windstar van. This cushion did not help 
I'm a BIG coffee drinker and I thought the Bunn would be a coffee lover's delight. It turned out to be my biggest nightmare. It takes a lot to set it up and get it started. If you make a mistake and close the cover before you have the pot in place, boy what a mess. It leaked out the bottom and was VERY large and heavy. Took up way to much room on my counter. I dumped it after one week and bought a Farberware coffee maker and it is just as good, if not better. It's small, easy to run, and the coffee tastes great.  Deb in New Hampshir 
Sorry, but I can still smell the odor. Plastics absorb odor. After a couple of weeks the smell permeated the whole contraption. Also, the tube/bag thing doesn't last as long as they say. I dump baking soda in with the poop every time, which seems to help. Otherwise, it's not worth the money 
This is not a good product -- it is not a very flixible plastic and breaks easily if dropped or flexed.  It is also not large enough for some dishes and microwaves.  Nordicware does make a more flexible cover, but the advertising for this one is not very clear about features 
It does nothing that I can see except leave a pleasant scent.  I scrub it in with a firm bristle brush, wait 30 minutes, vacuum with my Dyson, and my carpet still looks the same. It is only 2 years old so it isn't an old carpet.  It might work on carpets that are more of a "pile" but not berber.  I gave 2 stars just for scent alone 
Bought one. It quit working within 6 weeks. The litter box lid never did fit correctly, and the unit just stopped running. Littermaid sent a replacement. The lid on the replacement wouldn't close either and the tracks for the rake were out of alignment. After some fine tuning, the unit worked for THREE days before quitting. Perhaps this is a good idea whose time has not yet arrived. The units I have bought and received are USELESS. As it is, I'm out $170 with no hope of a fix... 
While one of the other reviewers states that it only works on some types of champagne bottles, I couldn't get it to work at all.  I tried it on two different shapes of bottles, but to no avail.  The problem is that the ring that is supposed to slide down the neck to secure the stopper doesn't slide when it's on the bottle.  When off the bottle, the mechanism works fine.  It appears to me that the stopper must be made for a specific bottle and not for most champagne bottles in general.  At least that was my experience.  I found a good $3.00 stopper at Sur la Table that works just fine and is not dependent on the shape of the champagne bottle.  It doesn't have the fancy pour spout, but at least it keeps the bubbles in the champagne 
I have two earlier Aerobeds and they are very comfortable and conforms to support our bodies.    This new Premier DuraSuede is like lying on a sheet of tin.   The material is so stiff it does not conform to our body.  I find it unusable 
This flan pan is very flimsy, and don't hold up well 
The wire broke off as I was slicing my first slice of chedder cheese.  Needless to say, I do NOT recommend this cheese slicer.  Last I checked, they're supposed to last longer than one slice.  Maybe mine was faulty...but regardless, I expect better 
You never ever use an electric wok to cook Chinese food.  It is all about the fire and the intensity of the heat.  Only people that use this are people whom have no idea what they're doing.  Do yourself a favor and purchase a real wok 
Has to be seasoned just about everytime before use.  Overwise, great pan 
I ordered this teapot because at the time it came with a free tea infuser. When it arrived, the teapot was broken, with a large section missing from the side. I returned it and had to pay the shipping to the company to reorder the same item after I received a refund only for the items price. After receiving my second teapot, it was cracked in the exact same spot. I returned the product and complained with no response. I was refunded the price for the teapot, but I am out $10 in the cost of shipping. It seems highly unlikely that two teapots would break in the exact same spot, so I would try a different product. 
I did what I think is a fair amount of reseach before buying this product, and the Euro-Pro was bad decision. The product wouldn't even turn on, much less work. The packaging indicated it had passed Qulaity Control. whatever that means This was a Christmas gift that totally flopped. The Euro-Pro was one of the more expensive deep fryers in the store and I assumed the price was equal to the quality, boy was I wrong. If you're purchasing a deep fryer please stick to the name brands. This will be exchanged tomorrow and not for another Euro-Pro. Too bad because my 16 year old was looking forward to Deepfried Japanese dumplings for Christmas. A real disappointmen 
I have purchased 2 of these from Amazon, neither worked. I tried buying them from Bed Bath & Beyond, neither worked. This is a horrible company. There fryers are delivered non-working, there sweepers are bad and get recalled if they didnt catch fire. Very poor product development. Better off buying T-Fal 
The handle and pump mechanism for this dispenser are cheesy plastic - they will not last at all.  The previous reviewer also pointed out - correctly, that the honey drips out very slowly.  Not worth the money.  They should have used a metal handle and pump and charged a reasonable price for decent quality.  Not worth your money 
I could not believe it was for only one cup.  I did not read throughly and thought it was for four.  Big dissapointment 
Was happy with this toaster until I had it for about 4 months. At that time the lever started acting up by not staying down.  Sometimes it worked other times we had to prop something heavy on it to keep it down. Not what I expect from a $70 toaster. Well, I have finally given up (2 months later) and am sending it back to Hamilton Beach since too much time has passed to send it to Amazon. They are sending me a new one, which I am not sure I am happy about. Might just exchange it somewhere for a toaster-oven......... 
I'm sure it will get a 5 star if I ever get the item. I placed the order on 2/6/07 
Item was defective and this was te second item receive 
I have the black version, but I'm writing reviews for the white and red as well to save you from buying this toaster model.  From day one, it hasn't been able to toast anything evenly - be it frozen / fresh /refrigerated  bread / bagel / english muffin - you name it.  If you don't believe me, see the photo I uploaded.  The toast is burnt and raw at the same time 
Hi, Really like drinking wine from these glasses.  Ended up with 8 each in two sizes.  Broke my 4th glass the other day while cleaning it.  NEVER broke any other end-high stemware doing that.  Believe me, I've been very careful too.  Also had one break in a very modern dishwasher operating on a crystal cycle.  Just too thin and fragile despite the resonable price and good functionalit 
I purchased this reconditioned item primarily to toast English Muffins, which I eat regularly. Strangely, I had to set it all the way up to its darkest setting (9) just to get the muffin to be somewhat browned. I would routinely have to toast more than once to get the desired level of toasting.  I suspect there was something wrong with mine, but who knows? I returned my KitchenAid and ordered a Krups toaster...I am hoping for better results 
MY 5 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER LOVES THIS VACUUM THE ONLY PROBLE IT DOESN'T HOLD A CHARGE I CHARGE IT OVER NIGHT AND MAYBE LASTS 15 MIN CAN ANYONE HELP.... 
I opened one of the packages and there was blood on the card that the sham was folded around. I promptly called Amazon and they replaced it. It was a waste of money, the first time I washed them, white patches appeared all over the shams as if they dye washed out. I was very, very disappointed with the quality and will not order them again. Don't waste  your money 
I have been searching for a baster with an injector.  This one looked good.  It works OK with the injector but it does not work at all as a regular baster.  I guess I will keep searching 
I bought these because I was sick of creating foil shields on the pies I bake.  I love that these slip perfectly on and off.  However, I've found that since they're made of metal or aluminum, they actually conduct heat and cause the crust of the pie to darken faster than the center--which is exactly what I DIDN'T want it to do.  That said, I have to admit that while the edges of my pies look darker than the rest, it hasn't come out burnt as it would if I were to bake the pie without any sort of shield.    I'm planning on buying another brand's--something made from silicone instead 
We are very disappointed in the peformance of this toaster. The bread will toast good on the inside but barley on the outside. I sent email to West Bend and was told the maybe the bagle switch was stuck--no help.  If I return it, shipping cost makes it not worth it. Good appearance and Company name fooled me. FY 
The coffee pot came with the down and timer buttons stucked together. Sent it back and received replacement quickly.  It was great when it worked, after the 3rd day it didn't come on as programed and the down button got stuck again.  The weather display was neat, too bad it didn't work out.  I think there is a design fault on the machine.  But I have to say Amazon has great customer service, we received our replacement very fast 
The coffee is extremely hot from this coffeemaker. Beware! I find the product adequate but not outstanding. It is difficult to insert the pot all the way in after use 
Got one as a Christmas present - great concept, but the performance falls well short of the promise.  As another reviewer noted, wine from my wine fridge (56 deg.) registered as 74 deg. when placed into the unit; wine at room temp (72 deg.) regularly registered 78 deg. or so.  Although the unit ran through it's cycle and indicated wine had been chilled to the proper temperature it never was.  In fact, if you put the bottle back into the unit immediately and started it again it would register a temperature about 10 degrees warmer than it had indicated just seconds earlier.  I tried about half-a-dozen times over a couple days, but it never worked properly.  We returned the unit to the store for credit 
these lights are junk, but the vendor i purchased them from is excellen 
I bought 4 of these light sets after seeing them in Real Simple magazine. I thought they looked and seemed to be a perfect option for my kitchen......WRONG! After only 15 minutes, my brand new batteries (4 AA) seemed to fade, and within an hour.....DEAD.  I thought this is a mistake, and bought new batteries again, only to be upset when the same thing happened!  I called the manufacture about getting the adapter 4.8V it requires.....only to be told they do not sell to the public and I would have to track it down at Radio Shack, etc. Well, I have had no luck on that yet.....lots of 4.5V, but no 4.8V. I wish I could send these back. They were a complete waste, and if I ever find the proper adapters, I will certainly use them. But that defeats the purpose of me choosing wireless lighting, doesn't it 
They take batteries but don't last 15 minutes.  They have an ac spot for and adapter but where do you plug a undercounter light in under the counter.  Hate them 
I used this light at my computer desk because I wanted something that would give off a soft light so I could still see to type after everyone went to bed and less than a couple of hours later the light began to fade, the batteries (brand new) died 
I was disappointed at how much these sheets wrinkle in the dryer. I have purchased more reasonably priced bed sheets that were of better quality at half the price of what these were. I bought them because I liked the color, and the red is a very pretty, bright color. I would not recommend buying these unless you like to iron your sheets, or dry them on low heat. The material of the sheets is fairly thin, so I am not sure how long they will last 
This is an ugly vase.  So ugly we are returning it the day we received it.  It does not measure up to Mikasa standards at all.  It looks and feels like a cheap vase one would buy at Target.  We were very disappointed.  Stick to the clean, lean lines of other Mikasa crystal vases 
This product is the worst there is.  I purchased it in a Target store going by the Oster name.  It takes forever for it to heat up and then another long wait for the waffle to be almost done.  Needless to say I am taking it back.  
We waited too long to try this out after it came.  We would return it if it wasn't so late.  It takes forever to warm up and forever to cook!  Then the waffle is not hot!  Not happy at all with it 
We bought these for our two girls (2 and 5) so that they could have dishes matching out stoneware and they were great, for a while.  Now we are down to 1 out of the original 4 we ordered due to the plates cracking over time (5 months since we ordered).  They haven't been abused and have been washed in the dishwasher on no heat. Same issue with the bowls. YMMV, but when 3 out of 4 are dead, I think there is a problem 
This griddle performed very poorly and I will not be keeping it.  It cooked very unevenly (the left side of a 4-inch pancake was almost burned, while the right side was practically raw) and the pancakes stuck, even though it is supposed to be preseasoned (it's cast iron) and I heated it first before applying a light coat of vegetable oil.  It also did not sit securely on my gas stove, due to the 'grill' ridges on the other side -- it rocks back and forth slightly--even thought the box says it is suitable for all cooking surfaces except glass.    Because I use my griddle almost every weekend, I am considering the Broil King Ultra Large electric giddle, which got Cook's Illustrated top recommendation in its 2003 tests.    
The Rainbow 600 count Egyptian sheets were so irregular that the seams on the pillowcases were not square. I returned them 
This product arrived in what appeared to be good shape, but upon washing became blotchy and discolored in places making them unusable.  Very disappointed 
I purchased this fryer after the death of our previous deep fryer thinking you get what you pay for.  So I splurged.  Yes, I read the reviews which had a lot to do with my decision to purchase this particular fryer - mistake....  No one explains that the plug is extremely short or the fact that the magnet holding this heavy cord has a difficult time keep it plugged into the fryer.    The temperature doesn't seem to stay consistent as my previous fryer - yes, I know that adding food to the oil will reduce the temp.   After only 6 months with average use of once per month - it's dead.  Bewar 
Usually break free product but SMASHED in Amazon delivery and then had to wait 4 weeks for credit.  BOO 
As great as it looks, I can't get past the incomplete directions (only printed outside of the box; no directions inside) to get it installed on the wall:  it says "pull out the plastic end cap"...haven't a clue what the plastic end cap is, nor how to pull it out nor how to install the screws that hold it on the box.  may have to return 
Order the wok and got it damaged (off-shaped). The packaging is horrible. Basiclly they put the bare wok in the box filled with the giant air bubbles. The wok can move around freely in the box. Guess the damage is caused during shipping.   Return and reordered the Typhoon Carbon Steel wok, similar size and design, $3 cheaper. When I got it, I am very pleased with the quality:  *) properly packaged, plastic cover on the top, sheet of paper on the bottom; fitted in a box designed for it; *) thick steel: 2.5mm rather than 1.8mm from joyce Chen; *) handles are welded on the wok, so no dead spot when cleaning; *) seasoning instruction are well documented, in 8 different languages, even thou I use my own seasoning way, not like joyce chen's one thin sheet of paper with not so clear instruction.   overall, Joyce Chen's wok is like the one you can get from Chinatown supermarket, and Typhoon one is like from Macy's 
I bought this wok 6 months ago. I seasoned it very well and started to use it. But I noticed the seasoning was easily peeled off when I cooked the dish with a lot of sauce. It meant I couldn't use it for steaming. When I made a fried rice, I had a hard time to clean it and re-season it. Most Chinese use a wok to cook everything, so I expected I could do that, too. But I was wrong. This wok is only good when you make a vegitable stir fry. That's all 
THIS TOY DIDN'T EVEN LAST 3 MINUTES.  HE HAD THE STUFFING OUT IN 10 SECONDS FLAT 
The first time I tried using this machine to make beef jerky it shut off in the middle of the process.  I had to stay next to it for 8 hours making sure it didn't shut off.   When it shut off I had to take the cover off and let the machine cool down.  And this happened about 15 times.  What a pain!  I called the company and they said that they would send me a new one but I needed to ship the old one to them at my cost - WHAT!  This is a brand new machine used once and I have to pay to ship the machine back.  Buy a different machine 
i bought it. didn't work. exchanged it. the new one didn't work. same problem--the pump is very weak and just barely seaps out a few drops of liquid soap...that's all. and yes, it does very easily rust.  spend the extra $5 and get something better 
It leaks from the top,barely drips from the pump.....but it looks great 
Although this item's description says it is made of "Commercial quality stainless steel" it arrived with several rust spots; so much for whatever "Commercial quality stainless steel" means. Also, be aware that the handles are not round, but are "u" shaped. It is difficult to clean the inner part of the handle short of using a small toothbrush.  On the positive side, the locking mechanism seems to work well and I do like the non stick silicone tips. However, on the whole, I would not recommend these locking tongs. 
don't buy this wok.  It tastes like you are eating metal when you cook cabbage with tomatoes.  i ended up returning the second wo 
I placed my first order for the red casserole in March.  It was not slated to be delivered until May!  But, I waited patiently for it.  In May I see that it has finally been shipped and delivered to my house, but I never received it.  So they send a replacement.  And it is white, not red.  And apparently they no longer have red 
Amazon is out of RED.  After waiting for 2 months, they shipped a white while the packing list states red.  When contacted, they said that they do not have a red for replacement.  If I want a white I can get it elsewhere for $7.99.  Not I have to go through the trouble of returning it 
I bought a blue one.  The mug looks nice enough, but it cracked the first time I filled it with hot water for tea. Get your act together guys -- it really is not so difficult to make dishes that can withstand a little heat. As for the claim that this can go in the microwave...after the mug cracked, I didn't bother to try 
Looks nice but the roll does fall off and thick paper towels can rub the top edge of the unit closest to the cabinet. Item is being returned 
How does it create space? If you have a cabinet that is 12 inches high, 15 inches deep and 14 inches wide, and put this large plastic item inside it, will that give you more space or take it away? The manufacturers must not be very logical or are trying too hard to sell you something you don't need. 
The metal side arms that the drawer slides down on were binding and need some lubrication. Somewhat flimsy. I do not expect it to last long. Nice concept, but I wish they had used better materials 
The spice rack looks nice.  Won't know the quality until I can use it and see how much weight it will take.  I had a horrible time getting in under the cabinet.  It is definitely a 2-person job and there was only me.  The self-adhesive tabs didn't work at all even to just put the spice rack up to use the screws.  Very awkward to use the screws.  Doesn't allow for any room especially the back screws.  I did the wrong thing by taking the extending arm hardware off to get the spice rack in place and to make it easier to screw it under the cupboard and that is where it sits.  Now to get the hardware back onto the extender arms is almost impossible.  I wouldn't have purchased this knowing how hard it is to attach to the underneath of the cabinet.  Took much too much time to get it into place 
I got the expensive one rather than the $14.99 Aroma cooker, thinking it will be better quality. Wrong.  I only used it twice, not only the rice get burn, after i clean in and out of the cooker, it still look dirty. The quality of the material was really bad. I think the Store where i got this products knows the problem that they take my return even it past 15 days requirement.  Do not waste your good earned money on this one.   
I would not recommend this coffeemaker to anyone.  The coffee does taste funny and I didn't realize it might be the metal pot.  Also, DO NOT pour the coffee unless your cup is over the sink as one quarter of the coffee spills out.  Just like one of the other reviewers said, the pot does not slide in and out easily.  Not a coffeemaker I would recommend.  The only thing I like about it is the size!!!!!! 
This fan has nice features and operates very quietly. Seems to be a durability issue with most reviews I've read because mine only made it nine months before konking out 
Very disappointed with this fan.  Failed within six months of purchasing.  Don't buy a Lasko fan 
i expected better durability out of this fan. It died after just 3 months, and had flow problems from day one.  I tried contacting Lasko but got no responses. 
Do not be tricked into buying an "easy" sharpener. They DO NOT work. Spend the same money (or less!) on a good stone set that has various angles (i.e. Lansky, w/ 17, 20, 25, and 30 degree angles, and 3-5 stones: use 20 degrees for your "slicing" and paring knives, and 25 degrees for you chefs). I opted for the stone set (I'm a bit of a purist), but I've heard good remarks about the diamond set, too; the 3 grit set is all you really need: coarse, medium, and fine - get the ultra fine if your sharpening razors and such.  With proper care, and light steel use (it's the re-aligning tool, not the sharpening device - be gentle), you'll probably only need to touch-up your edge once every year or two, depending on the work load you put on your knife. But, if you do seriously muck the edge up, you'll have a system that can repair your knife to "good as new" condition.  My chef fell onto the tile floor, point first, and I had a wonderfully sharpened instrument 30 minutes later. The normal touch-up takes less than 5 minutes per blade.  And, at thirty dollars to have 5 knives professionally sharpened, you'll be ahead of the game after the first use!  Hint: use a 5X+ magnifying glass/loupe to inspect your edge - by carefully rolling the knife to catch a bright light source, you'll be able to see shiny spots where the edge still needs to be sharpened. You can also take a look at your edge before using the steel, and see how bad you roll the edge while working with it, then see how it becomes magically aligned after the use of the steel. And, see chips and voids in your lower quality steel knives - I admit I have a couple, myself.  In short: get stoned, not taken 
My girlfriend and I recently bought two ultrasonic humidfiers -- this machine and an Air-O-Swiss 7135.  The Venta worked well when it worked.  However, it frequently stopped working for no apparent reason.  You could jiggle the thing, and it would go on and off.  We finally figured out that there was a defect in the little plunger on the bottom of the tank that controls the flow of water into the base.  The water wasn't flowing properly, and the machine stopped (as it should) because there was no water.  Took it back to the hardware store where we bought it, and the guy there said that lots of other people have had the same problem.  It may be number 1 in Germany, but it gets only 1 star here 
This percolator is not worth the price.  The coffee tastes lousy and it does not stay hot. I returned mine and purchased the Farberware FCP512S 12-Cup Cordless Percolator.  I love it!   
We purchased this purcolator for Christmas 2003.  Every other pot is weaker than tea, many grounds are left in the bottom of the pot.  Once the coffee is done, the warmer continues to boil the coffee making it bitter and burnt.  The auto shut off did not work and boiled the pot dry.  I am returning the pot and purchasing a Farberware for half the price 
We purchased this purcolator Christmas 2003, and ended up returning the first one after it did not work out of the box.  Amazon was great in sending us out another via exchange.  The second percolator worked.  However, I wished I'd have saved my money.  The coffee basket allowed too many coffee grounds to end up in the coffee.  Don't take that last cup.  You will also need a carafe to store the coffee in after percolating.  The percolator maintains the heat too high when ready, and boils the coffee continuously.  Mmmm, burnt coffee! 
This mixer was highly reviewed at the time we bought it, but ours started conking out randomly after only 2 months -- it would work one day and then not work the next.  Whether it will work any particular time is uncertain enough that we are buying a new one today.  No matter what the features an appliance has, that rates an automatic 1-star in my book 
This vacuum cleans reasonably well, but I have a few significant gripes which will prevent me from buying a similar model when making my next vacuum purchase, which seems to about every 2 years. I've finally decided that we may go with an "heirloom" vacuum next time, such as an Oreck, since the lifetime of any sub $100 vacuum is just ridiculous.  My complaints: 1. This thing screams like a banshee! It is indeed light, and reasonably powerful, but it literally hurts my ears to use it in small rooms. It does not roar, it emits a relatively high pitched scream. I have had big, small, and medium size vacuums, and this thing easily is louder than all of them. I haev a 2 1/2 horsepower Shop Vac which is much quieter than this vacuum. 2. Wheels barely extend below the bottom of the vacuum, so it requires a bit of effort to roll over anything but very short carpet. Wheeling from room to room, say over hardwood while tipping the vacuum back, also cannot really be done. 3. The filter is hard to clean, as it has a flange that extends down over maybe 1/3 of one side. I often have to stick my finger in the space between the filter and the flange to get a significant amount of gunk out. Gross. Tell me how this is better than a bag 
This is a cute Vacuum, and that's about it. The filter clogs, and they are next to impossible to find. The Canister is a pain to empty. The biggest problem I found was there was no height adjustment. If you have thick carpet, you just need to forget about this vacuum. What A nightmare to push and pull this stupid thing. Mine has gone to Goodwill. 
This sharper is cool because it is a magnet that you can stick to the fridge for easy access.  However it is not a good sharpener.  It sharpens knives but not well. Also, it has a limited amount of use before it will go into the trash.  Probably half a year and it will be useless. Spend your money elsewhere for something that sharpens better and will last you more than a year.    
My daughter needed this item for an event and the wrong item was delivered.  By then we were under a time crunch so I talked to customer service but there was no way Target would expedite shipping the correct item to arrive in time.  I had to order the item from another supplier and pay for 2 day delivery.  In the meantime, the online pathway for getting a shipping label to return the wrong item lets me spend time putting all the information in but then shuttles me to a "Try again" screen.  I try half a dozen or more times and give up.  An hour later I try again with the same dead end.  I email customer service to just send a label by email but have yet to receive a response.  The next day I try again with the same dead end.  I have wasted a lot of time for something I don't even want.  I think I will let my credit card company know to not pay, and let the supplier ship me a return label when they get around to it.    Can you tell I am not impressed with the 'service' 
I should have paid more attention to the reviews...I was warned ahead of time that this crate shouldn't be used as an everyday or long-term solution. We've been using the crate for LESS THAN three months and already the zipper one one end (that we use all the time) is screwed up and half the time it doesn't open. At least one of the two zippers on that end can still move so the dog can get in and out, but I'm afraid of the morning when I try to open it and both zippers are fully stuck. (We leave one end open and place the crate up against the bathroom so the dog can at least have a little room to roam plus still have her crate to sleep in. When she gets a little older, we will leave her in her crate all day.) We could still use the zippers on the top, but we don't like those since the dog can't get in and out at her leisure.   Although in general it's a nice crate, I probably would not buy this item again just due to the poor quality of the zippers--hence the two stars. I am completely surprised that we only got three months' use out of it before the zippers bit the dust. We've already purchased a different, sturdier, latch-style crate that we're much happier with...and we should have bought to start with 
The armoire arrived with the doors damaged and a nick on the top.  I was sent new doors but they didn't fit.  Frustrated, I accepted the promised $175.00 off to keep the doors, knowing they would have to be repaired by my husband later.  I have yet to receive this refund.   The delivery was also a major problem.  There was only one guy and he said he was told to leave the furniture in the driveway and go.  There was no way I could get this furniture in my house alone, so I tipped him to bring it in for me.  I will never buy anything from this company again!!!!!! 
The lid drops in half the time you're trying to put it on. The first six meals or so smell "bad" (spoiled)as they are cooking.. I think it's the sealing ring ! What a God-awful smell for a kitchen  
I bought this item based on price, how can you go wrong for 10$ for a programable coffee maker? Well, you get what you pay for. after having this coffee pot for only 3 weeks, it just stopped working! Just to ship it back would have been the cost of the item! based on the rest of the reviews, I just threw away and went out and bought a mr. coffee. lesson learned.  treehous 
I just got this... took it out of the box... plugged it in ... and... it does not work 
I bought this as it was just a little bit bigger than my preent coffee maker..I could get 3 mugs of coffee out of it.., rather than 2...However, I used it exactly 5 days, and then it died...Granted, the econonical price was a factor when I purchased it, but I really expected it to last more than 5 days..Unfortunately, it would have cost me more than it was worth to have it fixed, so I was forced to throw it away...Lesson learned; some things are just not a bargain..!! 
Ordered this item as a gift for my daughter..arrived quickly and did not appear broken or used but would not work at all..appliance would not activate.. very disappointing...probably why it was such a deal..shipping was as much as the item! Valentine Surprise failed 
Loose shape and becomes literally towels within 3 months of use. Total Waste of money and shipping 
I purchased this item, after having read about "Banneton" in the book "Rustic European Breads from your Bread Machine". The picture clearly shows 4 baskets, and the description is vague - but you only get one. The basket you get is quite small, all but the smallest loaves would quickly overflow the basket. It looks sturdy and well made. It would have been good value for four baskets - it was too much to pay for a single basket. I didn't actually use it, choosing instead to return it, so I can't comment on how well it worked.. 
This is a great sweeper, but its tragic downfall is the short lifespan of the battery. We bought one a couple of years ago from Sears with a Sears replacement warranty. Since then we have replaced it FIVE times (we really got our money's worth from the warranty, at least!)It's getting to be a joke--one day (usually 2-3 months after we bring home the new one) the rotor just stops turning and that's all she wrote. Next time we will purchase a different sweeper, warranty or not 
Many times, I've come across great deals on Amazon where I've paid just little for a lot.  This is NOT one of those moments.  This pan feels like it's made from three layers of tin foil.  It's shockingly flimsy 
I bought this power mop for my daughter for Christmas, and it broke the first time she used it 
 had trouble finding  out how to put it together--- then the motor started and would not stop--- had trouble getting the bottom  in the right angle to stop it and then the slightest movement and it would go on again.  I would return it but it is too heavy to move--- heavy to move to make it change to mop part from brush part and making the motor stop was a formidable task.  I will let he battery run out and try it a few more times and try to use it just as a heavy mop.  that should not take too long 
I was kind of disappointed with the Black& Decker Power Mop, it is to bottom heavey to flip the scrubbing brush easily. You have to use two hands to flip the brush down and two hands to push the brush away.  I have already told friends "don't bother to spend $49 for this mop, it isn't worth the money.  Get a women to design this product.  I can't believe a women would have found this easy to use. 
This was a horrible egg slicer.  I thought something from KitchenAid that was advertised to slice strawberries or mushrooms would be worthwhile, but was I wrong.  Worked fine for eggs, but broke on the first strawberry.  My previous one broke on the first mushroom!    Don't bother.  Use a knife.  Save the slicer for the eggs 
I wish I had read the customer reviews before purchasing this. My wife just tried to use our Kitchenaide egg slicer for the first time and two of the wires snapped as she tried to slice up some strawberries. Do not purchase this egg slicer! It is a waste of $10 
WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T BUY A SHARK. IT IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY. IT HAS TO BE THE WORST PURCHASE THAT I HAVE EVER MADE. YOU CANNOT CONTACT THE MANUFACTURER. SMART MOVE ON THEIR PART, THEIR PHONE SYSTEM WOULD BE OVERLOADED WITH COMPLAINTS 
I received this model as a gift and thought it would be great since we only brew a few cups at a time. However, as other reviewers noted, almost immediately the clock started losing several minutes every day. I wasn't intending to use the delay feature very often so I didn't bother to return it. Now, just short of a year after I received it, it suddenly started working, so I'm shopping for a replacement. I might try another Mr. Coffee model with better reviews, but not this one 
My order was cancel because company will not ship to a FPO FP address, really unclear as to the reason, but I am sure it is a fine product, my Turtles will continue to bask on their rock 
Wow, what a fine example of terrible engineering. The only control is a knob that ranges from OFF to SUPER. To set the thermostat, you  turn the knob to the SUPER setting. When the room reaches a comfortable level, you slowly turn the thermostat down until the heater goes off. This is the point at which the thermostat setting equals the room temp. At this setting, the thermostat will automatically turn on and off to maintain the selected temp.  This design sets the stage for a frustrating user experience:  - By design, you must turn the thermostat to the highest setting, then WAIT FOR THE ROOM TO HEAT UP before fiddling with the knob until the unit clicks off, at which point you end up turning it up a bit until it clicks on (if it does). Its like trying to adjust your home's thermostat in the dark...just show me where to set the dial for 68 degrees and let me get on with my day.  - when the heater is working as designed, it turns on for 30-60 seconds, turns off for 10-90 seconds, then repeats the cycle relentlessly and unpredictably until you unplug it, let it cool, box it back up, and send it back.   I want a refund, reimbursement for lost productivity, and an ice cream sandwich. 
I would not use this unless it had a featherbed on top.  I have two other waterproof pads from bloomingdales that are more expensive but much softer 
Hopefully, I will never make this kind of mistake 
My wife bought this one from Best Buy without me reviewing it 1st. Amazingly, I would have bought it after reading the reviews here. I'm starting to wonder who writes these things ... LG employees? The microwave is fine - no complaints. The toaster, however, is an unmitigated disaster. I am of the opinion that you should rarely combine appliances - this appliance is a poster child for this thought. The toaster browns extremely unevenly and inconsistently (sometimes you should toast the same piece of bread on 5 and sometimes as high as 10!). More importantly, the toaster broke after 31 days (coincidently the Best Buy return policy ends at the same time - Best Buy has an unacceptable return policy but with a guy named "Ricky" managing the store what can you expect?). LG picks up the phone quickly and they honor the warranty. The problem is they can't think outside of the box. They had me get it repaired but I have to inconveniently drive it out there and pick it up - OK ... no problem. One day later? It breaks again. It is an extremely poorly built appliance and the repair people thought they had fixed it and had not. That's how bad it was. LG will not budge - have it repaired again (great option - costs LG money, me more travel time, and it won't do the job) or do a rebate. The rebate requires me to buy another LG or Goldstar product. Huh? So you create a shoddy product and rush it to the marketplace (they admitted they don't have a detailed enough repair history because it is too new) and then don't stand behind your product. You backend me into another LG or Goldstar product that I would not have otherwise bought. How does our government allow these atrocious foreign companies to business here? Our we so bad as a manufacturer that we can't top this? Their supervisors were very hardlined and there was no getting around this. "You can cal Korea but they won't change their policy" they said. I will never willingly buy another LG or Goldstar product and I highly recommend you do the same. Shame on you LG - you could have had me as an appliance buyer for the next 50 years and now your name is mud to me 
All 6 of of the glasses in my set were at least slightly misshapen, one was positively a mutant!  The stems were not centered, and there were, for lack of a better description, glass tumors where the bowls meet the stems.  The glasses were also thicker than I expected from Spiegalau.  Other Spiegalau items I've purchased have been superb, so this could very well be an anomaly.  .. 
I'm not sure how well this coffeemaker works.  I purchased one from Amazon and received one that was obviously in used condition.  The glass was water stained and not factory packaged.  There wasn't a manual or any instructions.  1 star for Amazon on this one 
I did not find these pillows comfortable for airplane travel. They are too big and bulky to provide any comfort. I guess they would be fine if you were laying on a couch and not sitting mostly upright like on a plane. I would have been better off saving my money and using the airplane pillow. I wouldn't recommend these particular pillows 
This is a great maker for American coffee drinkers who have the occasional espresso.  This will not pass for a full-time espresso drinker.  The machine functions fine but the coffee is not robust enough to be called true espresso 
I am usually very happy with Hilfiger Home products.  Well, these towels are run of the mill discount linen store quality.  There is nothing luxurious about them whatsoever.  I would expect to pay around 10 bucks for each.  They ARE NOT worth it...   I don't know what the heck kind of towels some of the other reviewers were using before they bought these!! 
So, this clock woke me up alright!  The snooze didn't work, and then I couldn't turn it off!  I had to rip the batteries out of it to get it to stop...It is very cheaply made (explains the price I guess), but yeah it works just fine as long as you don't need to use the snooze ever 
The product came chipped on the bottom so its lopsided.  Much smaller than anticipated, I can only fit a tablespoon in it 
If you're of Italian heritage and you grate a lot of cheese, don't waste your time with this one.  When the quantity of cheese in the grater gets low, it tends to be very difficult to turn.  It also didn't last as long as I expected.  Try a different one instead 
This grater is fine when you can get it to work, but most often the handle doesn't screw in correctly and you can't get it to. It's mostly a waste of time, though the concept is a great one. I'd recommend trying maybe a stainless steel one instead of this plastic one 
This grater is not a convenience, it's more of a punishment.  I have tried it for hash browns, cheese, chocolate, etc.  I thought at first I was using it incorrectly, but then realized, there really is no wrong way of using this.  Everytime I have used it it has caused me so much pain in my hands that I would rather do it the old fashioned way and just grate the cheese manually.  My fingers and hands ache so bad that I can't even hold a pencil after using this gadget.  I would not recommend this to anyone.  Unfortunately, you have to rate this with 1 being the lowest star, but in reality I give it NO STARS! 
...after two months, a piece of the filter broke off.  After 3 months, the carafe cracked and sent coffee and glass spilling everywhere.  Cuisinart was kind enough to direct me to their website, so I could pay another $30 or so for a new carafe, because glass is not included in their warranty.  No thanks 
These are great towels if you can get them.  They are very soft and a great price but I ordered them in December and they came in one at a time. Took over 3 months to complete the order and still did not recieve the full order because after 3 months they refunded my money on one towel that was out of stock.  When I ordered them they stated that they were in stock and ready to ship. Buy these only if you have a life time to get the 
While this is an attractive looking paper-towel holder, it isn't very functional.  At first glance, it looks like it should work as implied: 'spring-loaded arm puts pressure on paper towel roll, regardless of how many towels are on that roll at the time, allowing you to easily rip off a single sheet with one hand'.  Unfortunately, this model doesn't work that way...at least, not the one I received.    I started with a partial roll, and it was obvious this wouldn't work, so I put in an extra-large roll of top quality (very thick roll) paper towels, and still, they don't come close to reaching the spring-loaded arm.    This arm is no more effective at preventing a number of sheets from pulling off the roll than the old wooden one I had with no arm at all.  I'm very disappointed.  Before deciding on this model, I had viewed some very similar models that were higher in price...maybe this is a case of "you get what you pay for".  If you are looking for a paper towel holder that looks nice, and are not concerned about "function"...it may be worth the price.  If you are looking for one that looks nice AND can offer you an easy one-sheet-at-a-time-with-one-hand quick pull, I suggest you look for a different model.  This unit won't do that job 
The bed warmer was described as "dual" controlled.  It comes with only one control.  The entire bed has to be at the same temperature.  The reason I wanted "dual" control was because my husband is always warm and I'm almost always cold --- hence, seperate controls were needed.  Since we had the coldest winter in years, I adapted the product to work because there was no time to return and request what was described. It does heat well though 
I was very disappointed to find the iron broken.  So I have no idea if it worked well.  Now I have the expense of sending it back, plus I won't be able to use it for my holiday parties.  
I bought this unit a few years back.  Worthless at best!  I wish someone - even the mfg could come up with some kind of solution to retain the heat with these units.  I called their customer service - who said, "Good Luck" as their best solution.  The problem is - Aluminum cools off too fast.  It will NOT retain heat.  I wish I could locate a Cast Iron Krumkake!  Do they make them anymore?  eBay - HELP!! 
I received this popper as a gift, and while it looks nice, it only pops of 30 percent of the kernels the rest just sit in the bottom of the machine. I have tried numerous times letting the device warm up for several minutes and also tried different types of popcorn. Nothing worked. If I had the receipt it would already have been returned. Since I don't, it is going in the garbage. Also for some reasons hot unpopped kernels will fly out of the machine. Stay away from this machine 
My gf loves popcorn so I was tasked to purchase her a replacement for her cheapo $10 air popper. I saw this one and thought "what a great idea" and bought it on the spot. I hadn't read the reviews here when I did my heart sank. Although some people "did" rate it high and said it was great. Sadly these may be closer to paid reviews because the consensus here seems to be true.  Slow popping with small kernals.  It makes a mess as well with kernels everywhere. If you like running through a batch of pops then do not look at this model. It's simply too slow and requires a "breather".  It was returned yesterday. 
I have owned a few OXO brand utensils over the past few years, and in general I have been happy with them.  But I was disappointed with this spatula when the edge of the head melted the very first time it was used.  The product description does warn you that it's only heat resistant to 250 degrees, but I was flipping eggs in a skillet, which I consider a basic use for a spatula.  If it can't handle the heat of a hot skillet, than I don't think it's a useful spatula.  Not to mention that it's neither healty nor esthetically pleasing to have bits of black plastic in your food 
This is a very powerful handheld vacuum cleaner.  If you just need to clean up loose this like salt or cracker crumbs it will perform great.  Should you actually try to use the beater brush attachment you will be very dissappointed.  I bought this cleaner for the purpose of cleaning my curtians and stairs.  I own two cats and virtually all of my in-laws are allergic to them.  Everytime they come, I have to clean the house top to bottom.  My upright vacuum (Dirt Devil Vision Lite model 008650) weighs a ton and was not designed to use on stairs.  I thought this little cleaner might be just the trick.  The brush worked great the first several times I used it.  But after about 20 uses it began to slow down.  I cleaned it very thoroughly but never saw the initial performance again.  Eventually, it stopped working at all.  I urge you to buy something else, if the beater brush is a selling point for you 
We received it broken..I don't have the oriinal box to send it and don't know what to do so just bought another one in a local stor 
Product worked well for several months - providing sufficient heating for moderate-sized space.  However, heater now only provides heat for approximately 1-2 minutes after turning on, then *sparks* and the heating mechanism fails.  Dangerous for a space heater, no 
I bought this heater at Lowe's after returning another Delonghi model to Amazon.  It's great for a bedroom because it is practically silent.  The heat is effective and it did what it was supposed to do...allow me to turn down the heat in the rest of the house at night while keeping the bedroom pleasantly warm.  That was the good news.  The bad news is that after a few months, it broke down.  It turns OFF when you increase the heat by turning the thermostat up.  As another reviewer said, it is now an attractive retro paperweight, but that's about it.  I was considering having it fixed but after reading the parts hassle that others are having, I'm not going to bother.  After battling with Delonghi over other retro products, I'm giving up.  I won't buy any of their stuff anymore.  By the way, if you want a great, silent heater, try the Bionaire Micathermic model (BNRBH3900U).  It doesn't have the snazzy styling of the Delonghi but it works great and still runs afer a year 
I opened one of the packages and there was blood on the card that the sham was folded around. I promptly called Amazon and they replaced it. It was a waste of money, the first time I washed them, white patches appeared all over the shams as if they dye washed out. I was very, very disappointed with the quality and will not order them again. Don't waste  your money 
My wife and I have used this machine for several weeks now. We found it to be a great machine for the price. Others complained about the lack of attachments because of the odd size of the wands, so I immediately machined  an adapter that allows us to use any tool from most other American Vacuums. Now there are no limitations as to what surface the machine can be used on. This thing is lite, strong, and easy to empty. The cord retractor is a little lite so I wouldn't be to rough with it.  Garrett and Susan 
We ordered one of these racks and it was OK. Then we ordered another one and one of the pieces was bent making it impossible to contruct. Target replaced it and the replacement was similarly defective- not worth the hassle of going back and forth to the post office 
This fan does not have enough power to even come close to blowing out the hot air from even the smallest room.  Go for the industrial strength, expensive ones 
For the price, I expected a quality canister.  The plastic insert in the lid arrived unglued, and hardly creates an airtight seal.  Had I seen this item in a store I would have passed on it immediately. 
The stainless steel lid has a glued in plastic piece that is supposed to provide an airtight seal to the canister.  My canister arrived with the plastic piece no longer glued in place.  I expected a bit more from a $50 coffee canister.  I'm returning it and going in search of a quality canister 
The complaints about the pepper grinder squeaking and spitting out huge chunks of peppercorns are 100% true. Try to avoid this one if you can. I would try to get a refund, but it's just not worth the hassle. What a waste 
When I ordered this product, it had a 4 star average rating  - how that happened is beyond me. Were a zero star rating available, this product wouldn't even deserve the string of uncolored stars!  I purchased it, thinking it would certainly do better than the plastic "freebie" grinder that came with some peppercorns about a year ago. After many refills, that all-plastic grinder has finially started to wear out and peppercorns get stuck in the "gears", the grinder has started to squeak and spits out chunks of pepper.   So I order this one -- it's attractive, low/mid priced and offers a warranty against wearing out -- and guess what? I'm still using the plastic worn-out grinder! This MIU grinder was a total waste of money and I just can't bear to listen to it squeal when I attempt to use it. Its adjustement is loose enough, that's not the problem.   What good's a lifetime warranty against wearing out if I'm not going to use the grinder at all?  Now I'm stuck with it, unless I want to pay to ship it back and lose free shipping discount on the original order, so basically, I may could get a few bucks back. Which is probably what I'll do because this grinder isn't worth 2 cents! I wouldn't even give the thing away.   Maybe pepper grinders are one of those things you just need to feel and buy in person. I'll certainly not purchase another one online.  If you like the sound of fingernails scratching a chalkboard, buy this grinder. Buy a second one for your salt while you're at it. You'll love 'em!  (Update 1 month later - I tried to give this thing a chance and the god-awful squealing is becoming less consistent. Which might be even worse, as it now takes me by surprise as it lets out a high-pitched jag every so often. It's gotten quite worse, however, with spitting out various sized chunks of peppercorn ... from fine grind to quarter-corn sized pieces in a few turns. Not recommended at all. I might try switching it over to salt, maybe it can handle that better. 
Unless you love the look of this pepper grinder, I'd suggest you look elsewhere. When compared to a generic grinder, this product produces inferior and very inconsistent grinds. I've gone so far as to grind peppercorns onto a white sheet of paper to look at them. With this grinder you'll always get a huge variation in the grind. Some of the pieces of the peppercorns will be large enough that it would give anyone pause to wonder whether foreign matter had somehow entered the dish. The oval top is quite slippery and when you tighten down the top nut to reduce the grind to something that will prove acceptable, you'll have trouble turning it. Not recommended 
I bought this blender because I liked its retro design, and I thought it would function well.  Well, every single time I've tried to use it has been a disaster.  Even for very simple tasks, like blending soft avocado, the blender has not worked. The blades spit big chunks onto the sides of the glass jar and then spin around without blending anything... It's horrible.  And I even threw away my old, ugly blender when I bought this one... and the other worked just fine. :  
I followed the instructions, many times, but still can't get the cork pulled out of the wine bottle.   The Oster wine opener cork-screw goes in just fine.  However, instead of pulling out the cork, the cork-screw just reverses direction and comes out of the cork.  I'm 75 and bought this after reading a review on how great it was for older folks with arthritis.  Well, maybe I have a "lemon" but I certainly would love someone from Oster tell me is I'm doing something wrong. Thank you for the opportunity to bring this to someone's attentio 
I liked the product until it showed a small split in the bottom and developed a slow leak after only a few uses.  Perhaps the plastic doesn't tolerate boiling water as well as it should 
This container is way too small to keep any fish in, let alone two. In such a small container, the fishes' wastes will build up quickly, causing eye and skin irritation, sickness, even death. You can try to reduce the waste build up changing the water frequently, but not only is this a lot of work for you, it is stressful for the fish.  In addition, if you want to keep bettas in a divided tank, there should be decorations for the fish to hide behind when they need a break from flaring at each other. This tank is too small to allow that, another source of stress.  Thirdly, bettas are tropical fish. They need a tank heated to a constant 80F. It is not possible to safely heat a tank that is smaller than 5 gallons.  If you want to get bettas, please read some of the excellent websites available and learn all you can about their care. If you cannot afford a proper tank, please don't get a fish 
I checked out this machine at a local store.  It's little more than a basic drip coffee maker bundled with a basic espresso machine.  For that functionality it would be far cheaper to buy those two things separately.    Regarding this Delonghi machine, on the drip coffee side, metallic coffee filters are a royal pain to work with-- paper filters are far easier to use when disposing of coffee grounds.  On the espresso side, you have to grind the beans and tamp them into the strainer for each cup you make, and then empty the strainer when you're done.  The optional filter pods are a really expensive way to buy ground coffee. For only a bit more money ($500 or so) you can get a full automatic espresso/cappuccino maker. I bought a full-automatic several years ago and my family loves it! Full-automatics grind the beans for each cup, they make excellent American-style coffee as well (simply by increasing the amount of water pushed through the coffee), and you dispose of grounds once a week.  The only disadvantage of full-automatics is that like every espresso machine, they do only one or two cups at a time.  So if you want to make more than two cups of drip coffee at once, you'll need a plain old coffee maker like the right-hand side of the Delonghi 
Clock started losing time the first day. Great tasting coffee. No problem with the carafe. Unit stopped working all together after about 10 days. Returned it to DeLonghi & they promptly sent me another. Clock started losing time the first day. Great tasting coffee. No problem with the carafe. Unit stopped working all together after about 10 days. This could get real old... 
I bought this to avoid buing and expensive mandoline to make my sweet potato fries.  What I leared is... the sweet potatoes are too hard for this cutter to work well.  Neither my husband or I could get the sweet potato to cut.  We had to take it out and chop them by hand.  It works very good on regular and smaller potatoes though 
I bought this for my husand as a gift and it is awful. It fell apart the first time we used it. It even caught his hand when it fell apart and drew blood. I do not recommend this product at all. 
Very thin and unsteady. Couldn't open it without having to hold the back of it. It wobbled side to side as I was forcing it to open. I sent it back as soon as I got it 
We bought this rice cooker because of the reputable brand name. We have been using it for about 4 months now. It cooks good rice. However, the rice does not stay fresh for over 3 days sometimes regardless of what other reviewers said. We've got spoiled rice in it a few times already with no understandable reason. And the rice was in "keep warm" mode at all times. In addition, if you forget to stir the rice and leave it in the "keep warm" mode for a day, the top layer becomes very hard and the bottom layer becomes very soggy. So, you do need to stir the rice quite often to prevent the dryout. I haven't tried cooking porridge or any other kind of rice besides white rice. If I were to decide all over again, I would stay away from this rice cooker. I thought I've bought a top-notched product, now I regret that I spent this much on a rice cooker 
These sheets were quite thin, and like the label said, needed "touch-up ironing" -- on every square inch.  I won't accept the excuse that "you get what you pay for."  I didn't intend to buy $13 sheets.  These were sold as $40 sheets marked down to $12.99, but I can't imagine anyone paying $40 for them.  This is not what I expect from Amazon 
I ordered this griddle and on the third use the teflon coating burned off onto my glasstop stove.  I called faberware directly since I was out of my return period, and after explaining my situation, they sent me another (different model) griddle, free of charge.  The first product didnt work out, but the mfgr made good 
They look nice, but the towels do not absorb much water.  I am very disappointed.  I suspect I'll use them a few times, then give them to Goodwill 
I should have read the other review more closely. This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights! I believe it is too light for cold winter nights. I expected more for over $50. If I didn't return it it would have made a nice decorative throw! The color and texture are nice 
I usually like Oxo products, but this one is a real loser. Not only does it not give accurate readings (which in itself should deem it useless, being that it is a THERMOMETER after all) but there are other features that further enhance its horrible design. First of all, the "handy" (so they claim) spin dial that allows you to set the temperature that you want to reach, is so flimsy that the slightest movement of the thermometer throws the dial off. Useless. Secondly, after only one handwashing, water seeped under the dial face which is impossible to get out. The water then turns to steam which fogs up the display so you can't even read its inaccurate readings. 2 weeks later there is STILL steam under the dial. Useless again. And to pour salt on my already stinging wound, I had emailed Oxo to inquire about how to return this item and get a refund weeks ago, but they have yet to respond to me, even though on the package it states that satisfaction is 100 percent guaranteed. Well, I am NOT a satisfied customer and if my second attempt to reach them proves fruitless once again, then I doubt I will ever purchase another Oxo product again, no matter how good they are. It pains me to even give this product one star, as a product that's utterly useless deserves no star at all. Oxo should be ashamed of themselves. Thanks for allowing me to vent my 2 cents 
Way off target. Said 350 degrees when in reality it was almost 500. Doesnt work 
I bought this oven recently. It is cheaply made but most of the functions do a fair job. All except the rotisserie; when used, grease runs from the unit onto the countertop even though the unit is level and the drip tray is not full. I was very dissapointed. I contacted them via email today, they say they will get with me in 24 hrs. We'll see 
I bought a Haier convection oven and it broke after only a few months.  I called their customer service department and they said they would send me a new one.  I have waited 2 months and made 17 phone calls and still nothing.  DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY.  Their products are cheap chinese junk and they DO NOT stand behind their products.  Don't believe me?  Look around on the web and you will see plenty of other people complaining about their cheap products and ZERO customer support 
The description says you can adjust for coarseness of the salt/pepper, but there is no such knob on the mini grinders. We replaced the store bought salt with sea salt and now the grinder doesn't work. Disappointing 
Neither the salt mill or pepper grinder work well.  It takes forever  to get salt and pepper from the squeezing of the handles together and still not an adequate amount.  Perhaps the blades that crunch the S&P are not sharp enough?  Very disappointed in product 
When you first unwrap these sheets, they look and feel great. But the true test is once they've been washed a few times.  They don't hold up AT ALL. They pill after only a couple of washings, and are thin and flimsy. I was really looking forward to giving these a great review, but I can't 
The item ordered 7/19/2006 has not been received as of 8/19/2006 
A friend of ours bought this for us.  He owns several coffee shops and we were excited to have great coffee at home.  Out of the box, I needed to tinker with it for a while and had to refer to online chat rooms to figure out how to get it to work correctly.  The problem was that the coffee didn't stay perculating long enough in the top and then it shot down into the carafe. I called Bodum of North America and their customer service person was a surley $$***!!!!!!*****.  They offered no help at all and had no idea what I was talking about which unless they totally disregard internet reviews was a lie.  Several people wrote, in online articles, to cut down the tube that goes in to the carafe by small dimension.  I didn't do that but I learned that if you don't push the top down all the way it will work okay. After I got it working okay, it did make really good, and hot coffee.  Then the poorly designed flip top broke and Bodum has never had it back in stock (I wonder why!),  then we got really sick of trying (in vane) to clean the inside of the carafe.  Finally the annoyance of the thing as a whole overrode the quality of the coffee. My advice is if you want really great coffee go to your local cafe.  For day to day coffee at home don't buy this. It looks cool and does make good coffee but at a big price 
I initially bought this coffeemaker because I remembered my Dad's Sunbeam Silex type coffeemaker.  It made great coffee and so does the Bodum.  Problem with the Bodum is that I had to send the unit back three times because of leakage in the lower unit between the heating element and the carafe which uses a polycarbonate material.  The folks at Bodum have been very responsive and accommodating but admit that they have not solved this problem.  I am anticipating buying the stove top glass contruction version if I continue to have a problem 
I bought this machine after researching it for a long time.  I could deal with the hard cleaning of it, I was willing to shell out $100.00 for a good quality maker, and I loved the design.  After two or three uses it started to leak.  After much searching I realized the caraf itself was leaking into the electronics and causing it to short.  I paid too much and do not like the fact that it broke so quickly. I didn't return it, I just will NEVER buy bodum again 
See other reviews for a description of overall performance and cleaning. Cool design, but overpriced and requires the use of nearly twice as much coffee to arrive at a similar strength to that typical of a french press. I only used this coffee maker 3 times, and reverted to the press. 
I bought this item - "Drinkwell Fresh Water Fountain and Reservoir for Cats or Small Dogs - Fountain (6 cup Capacity)" from PetSmart at Amazon.  Though the title clearly advertises that a reservoir is included, one did not arrive.  I contacted customer service who told me that the reservoir is not included and would only assist me in ordering one.  Otherwise, the unit is nice, though simple.  I will be returning it used to purchase elsewhere 
 I was looking for a timer that had a loud ringer I could hear from another room while cleaning, so I could check on what I'm cooking..  This one just didn't do that for me.  I notice the sound it sends out is not always the same.. sometimes it is a bit louder then other times..to me that does not do me much good..I cannot depent on it all the time!    So now I just use it to keep near me when I'm at the computer, but I do notice more of the sound comes out of the back, but then you can't see how much time you have left, if you turn it backwards!!!   The ringer goes for 1 min. This does not count backward.  The numbers and buttons are large, which is probably the reason I bought this timer.  The two magnets are not very big, and does not stay on my frig very good.  When its on my frig, and I start to press the buttons, it starts moving all over.   Price wise, this is probably a good buy , depending on what you want to use it for.   I bought another timer that the ringer is louder, but the buttons and are very small.. Guess you cannot have it all, no matter at what the price is!  
This is junk.  The blades tore through the plastic with the first potato I tried to slice.  The apple slicer broke on the 4th apple.  The blades are not sharp, and takes considerable force to get it to slice anything.  The Julianne attachment would not slice a block of chedder, though I do think any attachment would be able to slice Brie, and if not that, then perhaps jello.  Worst purchase I ever made with the name Kitchenaid on it 
This item comes with many warnings as it should. It can be hazardous to use this heater with an adaptor for a two pronged outlet. The product itself is of high quality and runs well just not when you are in the process of renovating a house 
The pop corn is very good, but the lid broke. I am going to look for one that has a solid metal top. But the pop corn is great, and you can put sugar  in there with the oil and salt to form glaze, and cinamon, pepper, chinese five spice, and so o 
I should have read the other review more closely. This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights! I believe it is too light for cold winter nights. I expected more for over $50. If I didn't return it it would have made a nice decorative throw! The color and texture are nice 
We have had the cordless blender for 3 years now, and although it was a bit cumbersome at first because we were used to the lighter and smaller corded version, it was a great benefit for a well used kitchen. Clean up was a breeze, too. The worst feature of this blender the 'rechargable' battery, which, withihn a year, took less and less of a charge after each use. Now we have to charge it 3 times to use it once. It does not surprise me that Cuisinart does not sell rechargeable batteries separately, which, in hindsight seems like planned obsolescence, but in turn, Cuisinart should not be surprised when I never buy another one 
My friend was ecstatic when she opened up this present from me at the holidays. She claims it's the best spice rack - very durable, stylish, and doesn't take up too much space on the kitchen counter. To prove her point, she went and bought fresh spices and made her own personalized spice rack. Definitely was a hit 
Not what I expected...    I thought it did duo patterns of rosettes, but only does one.  I can't not use other Rosette patterns with the set.  It doesn't remain the heat, so it took longer to make the cookies.  
I thought I was getting a good deal and a good product at a cheap price, but instead I got what a paid for and nothing more.  Cheap product at a cheap price.  Only used a few times, literally 2-3 times, then one time when my girlfriend put the glass down on the table it broke and wine went everywhere.  Luckily we acted quickly or else a bunch of carpet would have been ruined.  They feel really cheap too.  If you only want to use them a few times, get them, I know we will never get these again 
I purchased this topper June 2006, and at first loved it. This was a great purchase until it started to shrink, deflate, and discolor. What a waste! The pad used to be 3 inches think, but it has shrunk significantly in all directions and thickness. It has lost its cushiony quality, and is now uncomfortable. There also appears to be no way to get in touch with the company to inquire about what has gone wrong here. 
This timer arrived in two pieces  -  top half and bottom half.  They could be reconnected, but would never stay connected.  This is a piece of junk that I have thrown away.  Made in China 
My timer didn't work either.  It arrived broken in two pieces, and even though I was able to put it back together, it just didn't work.  Back it went.  It's cute, but pretty much useless 
These refills are ridiculous.  Yes, they are simple to use, but the maximum life span is about two weeks.  I've gone through at least 6 sets of refills this winter season already, and the results are consistent.  I run the Vornado humidifier 24/7, as recommended by the manufacturer and clean it regularly, especially when changing out the wicks.  There is never any gunky build-up to blame the short life-span on.  These are clearly manufactured to last only two weeks.  My ancient Duracraft, which is no longer manufactured, but is the best humidifier I've ever had, easily goes 4 to 6 weeks between wick filter changes, with no deterioration in performance.  This will be the last year I use the Vornado...for next year I'll be purchasing a second Air-o-Swiss, which runs like a dream, but is quite pricey up front 
This product is not eligible for free shipping, yet it ships from the Amazon warehouse along with the humidifier that IS eligible for free shipping 
I love water filters, this perhaps is my third, first was a Brita, gave to family member years ago and it is still in use, went on to faucet style but prefer pitchers, then to this Ultra.  This pitcher leaks, I suspect it is the style, leak is not big-time, but pitcher will have to be replaced wayyyy too soon in a household where there is no rough treatment of kitchen items.  I am NOT happy.  Elain 
We had this less than 10 months and used only two of three Ultimate filters we purchased separately, that's how little use this pitcher got. Started leaking everywhere one day and I couldn't figure out what had happened. I thought I hadn't put the innards back in right, after changing the filter, but in the end I decided either a seal or a seam failed.   I'm not the first person to report the leaking problem with minimal use, so I believe it is a design or manufacturing flaw. What a waste of a good $60, with the additional three filters purchased.  While it worked, we loved its sleek design, how much water it held and how great the water tasted. That's why it gets the two stars I gave it. Too bad it turned out to be a piece of junk.  I see the item is now not available here at Amazon and I guess that means someone monitored the returns or complaints about the product and made changes or pulled the item from sales rotation.   What I want to know is when we will be notified by Pur about the problem, and given coupons or rebates because of it; if you sent in your warranty card or registered the product online there is no reason Pur couldn't offer somehting in exchange for their poorly designed item.   Mine's now in the trash where it belongs. Don't buy one if you are considering it. Go with a good quality, faucet-mounted or under-sink mount filtering system and you will be glad you did, despite the more expensive price 
It's weird. The handle is so nicely designed with rubbery grips and that handsome "Emeril" logo, then you have the whisk part which is kind of cheaply made rough plastic which loses it's shape easily. You'd hope the manufacturers would put the same effort into the actual whisk as they did in the handle, but not here.  It's not a bad whisk for the price, but if you want a nice whisk and are willing to spend a couple more dollars, buy something else. 
Although the press has a timer, I found that it does not operate as expected.  It does not seem to reset quickly after opening, so i ended up timing myself.  I like that it can be stored on it's side 
We bought this on amazon about 5 months ago after a cheaper black & decker one had the heat element buckle after 6 months.  I thought if I upgraded a bit, I could get a bit more milege out of it- like maybe 2 years...but now with only 5 months of usage...suddenly no power.  Totally dead.  It is still under warranty so if the shipping costs to get it to a warranty center aren't too outrageous we'll try that route, other wise, looks like another waste of money.  I have to say that while it did work, we enjoyed it.  It was roomy enough to cook a few cookies or heat up leftovers as needed without heating up the whole big oven, and made great bacon in the warmer- a bonus we weren't expecting. update to this review: I sent in to warranty center and they replaced it with a new one.  It took a while and then they sent the wrong item (same name different product-honest mistake) but were very very nice when I called and sent the right one out right away- now just hoping this one lasts more than 5 months 
If I could give this product 0 stars, I would.  READ THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS, FOLKS, AND BE FOREWARNED.  I believed the positive reviews and ignored the negative ones, much to my exasperation.  When I plugged my handsome new oven in, the little red digital display numbers came on right away ... hmmm ... so far so good.  But, according to the instructions, you are supposed to run the oven with the door open for 15 minutes to get rid of the new oven smell.  Sooo ... the owner's manual says to push the "bake" button on the dashboard, which in turn lights the pilot LID light on the display, after which you can set "time" and "temp".  So I push the "bake" button and nothing happens, no LID light comes on.  Nothing.  Zilch.  Zippo.  So I then push the "temp" and "time" lights to try to get the gerbils to wake up.  Still nothing.  I unplugged it and and plugged it in again, thinking that maybe somehow I had screwed that up, while listening for the "beep" the owner's manual said should happen whence the unit is plugged in.  Zilch.  Zippo.  Nothing.  No "beep".  No "bake" LID light.  Tried pusing the "temp" and "time" buttons again.  Nada.  Tried unpugging it again and doing the whole shebang all over again.  Still nothing.  It just sat there and grinned at me.  About this time, I figured out that my unit was also "dead on arrival".  At least you can get a parcel paid bill of lading printed off from the Amazon website for a defective product return, saving yourself the annoyance of prepaying to return a dead product you have already paid for and now must wait weeks to get a refund on.  Amazon should take the remainder of their stock of this awful product out to the back lot of their warehouse and run them over with a forklift  
This item has not functioned at all for me. Removable of the battery cover required rubber gloves for traction and the opener would not open a 2 3/4 inch diameter can. A cute little useless item 
We've had this foam mattress topper for a couple of weeks and it's OK but nothing special. It does not significantly improve the comfort of the bed, nor provide any improvements in sleep quantity or quality 
The first dishwasher that I received from Etronics was dented, dirty and looked as though it had been used.  I complained, they picked it up, and one month later I got the replacement.  It wasn't in much better shape, but I kept it anyway because I was tired of waiting. The dishwasher cycle takes about 90 minutes, and although it cleans well, the adapter to hook it up is cheaply made, and it leaks even with teflon tape.  I would not make this purchase again 
I am not fond of this particular microwave because of the loud clunky sound of the door opening.  Poor in my opinion.  I can't believe that I will probably put up with this for years as I use my microwave several times a day.  My husband just complained that the start button is hidden on the user display among the other buttons.  Seems like there should some sort of user standards for display input.  Like Power buttons in the upper left corner.  Most-used buttons should be large.  maybe in a special color.  I like the web 2.0 look that is developing on user interfaces.  No user interface should make the user feel stupid is my thought.  I asked my husband what was the brand name and he said "Sharp" so even if cheap I think Sharp ought to protect the brand image.  But I see that I am in the minority of opinions here.  Maybe my advice is not order on line till you try this item out 
Bad quality, on/off switch and plastic ring broken after 1 year. 
My kids think this is a better toy than our dog.  Wasn't worth the money I paid for it.  Comes apart too easy 
I purchased this blender several months ago and the power of the motor is great.  But if you make smoothies and crush a lot of ice, the plastic carafe will absolutely not hold up to that use.  Mine now leaks all over the base unit even though I've always washed it by hand and followed the manual's instructions.  The Waring website says this product is sold with a glass carafe, but they don't sell the glass carafe as a replacement part - only the plastic.  If you think you're going to crush ice or use the power of the motor, you're going to have big problems with the plastic carafe.  (And the replacement plastic carafe is $50!!)  At this point, I think I'm going to have to throw out the blender 
This coffeemaker does not keep coffee hot and fresh for hours as the user booklet says, even if you first fill the carafe with hot water and let it set before brewing.  If you want a cup 45 minutes after brewing, it is luke-cold! I was emptying the carafe right after brewing into another thermal carafe that actually keeps coffee hot just to avoid reheating cup after cup in the microwave! It is hard to clean and very loud 
I might have bought these pans if I could find out how deep they are 
I was cooking 5 strips of bacon on the platter in the microwave and the platter actually cracked in half! I have cooked bacon on my other platters with no problem. This is dangerous and annoying. I couldn't find Sango customer service anywhere, therefore, had to return to retailer, etc. 
Bought this set at Target 3 years ago for $200, and during the first few months was seriously impressed by them.  They're heavy, cooked things well, and the stainless handles are strong and stay cool.  Never once put them in the dishwasher or put any utensil (metal, etc) in them that didn't belong in them.  Took care when washing, didn't burn things in them, etc.  Somehow the finish still flaked off of both skillets starting at 6 months, and the pots have now also been showing the early signs of retirement. Because I didn't want to pay return shipping or get a replacement set, and the flaking finish was too dangerous for donating, they had to go straight to the trash.  Very upsetting that such gorgeous pots and pans had such a short life, with high care and high cost.  The 2nd star is because they are beautiful and I cooked every day with these - if you rarely cook and plan to take care of these, they might work for you.  For me, stainless steel and cast iron is the way to go.  I wouldn't even try another "non-stick finish" 
I purchased this coffee maker and in three months time, threw it out. What a piece of [....]. You can NEVER get a decent HOT cup of coffee (it is lukewarm at best) and the carafe not only breaks, so you have to replace it, but it is designed to spill coffee everywhere as you attempt to pour coffee from the carafe into the cup. What a dissapointment this machine is. Mr. Coffee used to make a good product that would actually make a good hot cup of coffee, but the quality and design of their machines today are very poor. I would not recommend this coffee maker to anyone. The only nice thing I can say about it is the programmable timer worked.  I would not give this coffee maker one star, but that was the lowest rating available. If it were up to me, I would give this coffeemaker a minus zero rating!  
Poor carafe design makes this Mr. Coffee machine a waste of money. We bought this model to replace our old Mr. Coffe machine after we broke the carafe and couldn't purchase a replacement for that model.  We loved our old Mr. Coffee, but this purchase was completely dissatisfying because, as other reviewers have noted, it's virtually impossible to pour without spilling the coffee/water everywere.  After the first few uses, we decided to purchase a different coffee maker 
I've had this coffeemaker for two weeks. I bought it because I had an old Mr. Coffee that worked fine, but was white and stained.  I liked that this was black and looked sleek.  The very second time I used it, the off button stuck, so you can no longer turn off the machine, but have to wait for it to turn itself off.  Also, EVERY pot has grounds in it.  I'm using the filters that came with it, and have never even filled it to capacity, and I can't figure out why there are ALWAYS grounds in my coffee.  Piece of junk.  Don't buy it 
looks quite cheap, not as good from the pictur 
Within 2 weeks, the pause & brew didn't exist. The coffee poured all over when I tried to pull the carafe for a cup. My attempts at fixing it were for naught. What a waste of money! I'm not one who returns items. I just won't buy Braun again! 
This coffeemaker is a huge disappointment!  The stop when you remove the coffee pot rarely works, when pouring coffee the lid is not well made so coffee spills everywhere, and if you do not use additional paper filters, you get coffee grains.  In summary, a huge mess everytime you make a pot of coffee.  The plus? the water filter, but that is it 
I bought this coffee maker because of its compact size, but returned it a week later. I found it very difficult to avoid spillage when pouring the water into the coffee maker AND the coffee into a cup. The problem was worse if making more than 4 cups. Another problem was the taste of the coffee. I like my coffee full of flavor. I have been using drip coffee makers for several years and think I know how to get the coffee "just right". But, every carafe of coffee from this tasted weak, and MUCH too hot, almost scalding! 
PACKAGE ARRIVED QUICKLY.  OVEN LOOKS REALLY NICE.  OVEN BURNS TOAST EVEN ON LOWEST SETTINGS! 
Don't waste your money or your food by buying and using this so-called "slow cooker." Just like most people have reported, the unit runs VERY HOT! This is an indication of poor manufacturing quality control. After a couple of burnt meals, I went out and bought a different unit with a mechanical temperature control switch. Unfortunately, I had thrown away the carton and receipt so I couldn't return it. As a result of this experience and wasting my good money, I will avoid buying Rival products in the future. 
My husband bought this for me for Christmas 2005.  I was thrilled to get it since I had an older, smaller model.  I had never burned any food in a slow cooker before I used this model.   I couldn't figure out how to get it to cook SLOWLY.  I finally called customer service and was told I wasn't using the right kinds of recipes.  She told me that the pot had to be at least 75% full.  I used her advice, but it still boils everything on every temperature level.  I use it to make roasts and that is all.  It "sweats" horribly and I have to put it on a cutting board so it doesn't burn my countertop.  The handle cracked after 6 months.  My biggest "ah-ha" moment was when I came home after a long day out.  There had been a power surge, and it had reset itself.  My whole meal was ruined and that is when I realized the value of a dial-knob slow cooker.  Just back away slowly from this one 
Read the fine (or missing) print carefully.  This is not a general purpose vacuum purchase.  You need to buy the carpet attachment to be able to vacuum carpets (another $100).  If you want to return this item, they charge a restocking fee of 10% and also deduct for the shipment (even if you got "free" shipping) AND you pay to ship the thing back.  We ended up buying locally from Sears and are much happier with it than from Central Vacuum Stores - which is where the Miele came from.  
Ok i have a couple of these tongs sitting in a box and trust me that is where they belong.They are hard to use because when you move the slide lock up they open completly wide and if you want to quickly lock or unlock then forget it there are beter ones on the market that can be locked and unlocked with one hand not two like these require and the metal feels cheap and they are very light a slight wind will knock them right onto the floor.Spend a little more cash for the OXO locking tongs  http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B0000CCY1L/qid=1122017598/sr=8-1/ref=pd_bbs_sbs_1/002-9480983-6492045?v=glance&s=kitchen&n=507846  Trust me you will like them bette 
Back in the mid 1980's I bought a Patton 14 inch high velocity fan; although this fan i am reviewing uses the same name, it is not at all nearly as good as the original. The original actually had three different speeds ;while this one uses three speeds, they are hardly distinquishable from each other; the original was of heavier gauge and would not topple as easily as this new version.   The original fan model had a fan which cut more deeply because the fins stood out more and hence the original blew the air much more powerfully than this new version. Oh, yes the original's lowest speed was actually quiet whereas none of the speeds on this new version is quiet.  Bad substitute and mediocre fan 
i really like the look of the toaster, and it does a nice job; on one side. the toasting elements on one side in each slot do not fully heat up so it toasts one side more than the other - will be trying to get it repaired, or likely, will have to get a new one. 
The towel is quite soft, however after using it, your body will be covered with small fibers all over.  - not recommended 
This coffeemaker makes the WORST coffee of any I have owned in 26 years.  It "brews" very quickly, losing a "cup" or more of the water added in steam that just pours out of the top.  The coffee is weak and bitter (no matter what brand we have tried).  About the 4th time we used the pot it overflowed, creating a mess of grounds and coffee all over the countertop.  We thought maybe we had put the carafe on the base incorrectly, and were careful to always be sure it was pushed in completely from then on. The same thing has happened twice more. This coffeemaker is a piece of junk 
I have been using these filters for years.  My first impression with them is that they are very expensive.  My second impression is that they might not work as well as I thought they did.    I recently bought a water distiller and I have been experimenting with different sources of water in it.  I have used hot water directly from the tap, cold water directly from the tap, and Brita filtered water in the distiller.  The Brita filtered water left the most residue in the distiller, which is very disconcerting.    The filters let out small amounts of carbon all the time into the top of their proprietry resevoir.  In the directions, it says to slowly add water to the filtering well, which is what I do, but it still leaches at least thirty little pieces of carbon in the prefiltered water.  I want clean water, not water with small pieces of carbon floating in the filling well.    I have always wanted to believe the filters were working, but now am very skeptical. 
Why do most of us buy sharper image? Most of the times their products work well, and they look great.  This heater looked great in the picture. It ends there.  I bought three, thinking I would keep one for myself, and two for friends. There's no way I would give this to a friend. Maybe a stranger whom I didn't care about giving the wrong impression.   Pros: It's small.  Con: It looks cheap. It feels cheap. It doesn't work at all. If it didn't have the sharper image logo on it, I would guess that it was a 5 dollar clearance item at walgreens.  
If you are buying this bed to use at home as a guest bed...DON'T!  I have two areobeds; I bought the first one in 1993 when they had just come out.  The pump is attached to the bed and it needs to be plugged to charge it. Fifteen years later it still works like a charm.  I liked it so much; I recently bought a Minute bed because I needed another guest bed.  It does not say anywhere on the box that you cannot use the pump without having to charge it first for 24 hours.  Needles to say one of my unexpected guests had to sleep on the sofa.  The battery is NiCad, which means it develops a memory, so now even if I remembered to charge it the day before, it does not run long enough to inflate the bed.  They do not offer a separate electric, detachable pump, so now I'm stuck with a "plastic carpet" that cannot be inflated with anything else.  The areobeds work great, but if you need one that can be used for any unexpected occasion, buy a different type. 
I have a lot of low-voltage lights on our house.  Many colors and different wattages, which I dearly love.  Unfortunately, the spiders also love to build webs on the siding because flying insects are attracted to the lights.  One night I used my Panasonic vacuum (which I love) and got over 30!  The motor chews them up and spits the pieces into the disposable bag--I've never had one survive! Nice jolly subject, right? Often, I have to hold the vacuum in one hand (20 lbs.) while using the hose with attachment in the other.  This gives me over 3 ft. of reach and the suction is so great that the insect is "gone" within 1" of the brush.  OK, the Lentek is rechargeable, doesn't have a power cord and is lite (albeit unwieldly).  After charging for a day the unit would pick up a 1/8" spider but nothing larger.  After a minute of operation the suction is down by about half and you won't get anything then.  Yes, I'm back to the Panasonic and the Lentek?---the "round file"! 
i hated these shakers. i got them as a gift and 1. they are too big and take up too much space and 2. the rubber stoppers were not a tight fit so the salt and pepper was always leaking out the bottom and 3. the holes in the top are too big and too much comes out at once. finally one broke and i was thrilled to toss them out. the other, smaller fiesta ware ones -- the round ones -- are much much better 
This product does work and produces great tasting water--for a while.  I thought maybe we'd done something to make it leak, but a guest said his did the same thing in about the same amount of time (approx 8 months).    There's a part of the filter assembly that becomes loose and leaks, and then eventually squirts water all over the place.  There is no way to fix it.    We won't be buying this brand again.  
this product did not come with all that was advertised  
We were very disappointed, upon opening the package, to see how small the glasses are.  I was concerned about this when I purchased them, but could find no info on size (and the seller is very careful to not show them near anything else that might give you a hint as to how small they are (2 inches in diameter at the largest point and only 4 1/4 inches tall; I can hide the entire glass in my closed fist) 
I am a very experienced user of Innova.  Innova is I guess you can say is the parent company of Ultrex which is a line of nonstick cookware.  Innova is not know for quality and this product is no different.  There is a 25 year warranty on the Ultrex, I had mine for 6 years and the nonstick coating is off.  You can return the product for another but yes, you have to pay for the shipping and if your pot is oversized, you have to pay UPS or whomever to make you a box and thats another charge.  The customer service is not world class.  I had to wait almost 3 months for a replacement.  The workmanship is horrible, the product is made in China, however, I've had other things made in China that were of great quality, so I don't know what is up with Innova.  I suggest that if you find a product made by Innova, avoid it!  Save yourself the aggrevation!  This product doesn't deserve 1 star 
The product came chipped on the bottom so its lopsided.  Much smaller than anticipated, I can only fit a tablespoon in it 
I prefer my spoons to stand upright. Many of my spoons fall out of this one, I guess it depends on your shape of the spoon 
 I didn't get this order, did you credit my credit card if so email me with the conf. number and when the credit was given.   
I loved these sheets when I first received them and would have written a glowing review then.  However, now that I have washed them twice there is no sheen to them and every single inch on them is pilled.  They look terrible but I haven't slept on them yet since they pilled so I don't know how that will feel.  Hopefully it won't be noticeable.  No one sees these sheets other than me and my husband, but I am very disappointed with these considering I've had cheaper sheet sets for 8 years that haven't reacted this way.  By the way, I ordered the set in chocolate and it is a nice color if brown is what you want.  Maybe it's possible that certain colors pill and some don't?  I have read other reviews that people said their sheets pilled also 
 I'm a betta hobbist and I know about all the misconceptions that betta can live in just about anything and it is bogus. This "aquarium" is way too small, betta require atleast one gallon of water and that needs to be cleaned 1-2x weekly atleast. This is probably 1/2 gallon or less meaning you either clean it every day, t hus stressing your betta out and killing it or let is die a slow death from ammonia burns and other ills. This also has no lighting leave betta looking dull and boring, no heating or ability to heat so your house must stay warm where your betta is and it just isn't good. You can also buy large Critter Carriers (2-3 gallons) for the same price or less, it wouldn't be great, but it'd be a heck of a lot better 
The frother works well as others have said.  Unfortunately, it broke very easily when I dropped it into the sink while cleaning.  I've only had it 3 or 4 months but did not save any warranty info.  This device needs to be made stronger to withstand normal kitchen events 
After reading all of the positive reveiws and only a few negative ones I purchased this humidifier back in Dec. Well here it is early Feb and this thing just plain sucks. I have a digital humidistat sitting right next to it in a med size room (13x13) and it never reaches higher that 29%. In the dry months of winter 29% is unacceptable, and my eyes nose and throat would agree. So don't do what I did, and save your money. Or if you must try it, just be prepared to send it back or donate it to goodwill. Enjoy 
We now have the 4.2 gallon humidifer, as well as the air softener, all Vornado, and this one is most disappointing.  The construction is a bit flimsy, but my biggest complaint is the area coverage.  The unit is supposed to support at least a 600 sq ft space.  We have it in our master bedroom which is smaller than this and the air still feels very dry in our bedroom even after we've been running it for 2 days now non-stop on the high setting.  Granted, I have a pretty heightened sensitivity to the moisture in the air in our bedroom given I have a cold and nasal congestion, but I expected more from this unit given our satisfaction with the other.  We run the air softener on our 1st floor, which covers several rooms and it definitely maintains a level of moisture there very well.  The 4.2 unit is in our basement, which again covers several room and that one also has met our satisfaction.  We bought this because we needed one just for our master bedroom and we are pretty disappointed.  We have radiator heat and are suffering through the cold winter of Chicago right now.  
I've had two of these stop working when used with olive oil, sadly, though the canola oil one is still going strong 
Walnut Tradition Kitchen Scissors (ASIN: B00005AM7R) do not have "Comfortable wood handles secured with triple-brass rivets", they have unattractive chocolate-brown plastic handles.  The bottle opener and screw driver extensions are a poor design feature, and simply get in the way. 
From the description, I thought these would be a lot more sturdy. They're fine for storing light weight items that you don't need to access often. But I found that the plastic supports tended to break through the fabric at the corners and break in half if stressed 
This sealer does not use a piston pump like most other sealers use.  It removes the air with a fan.  There is air left in the bag, it doesn't create a vacuum.  The bags are not ribbed and you have to fit them over a hose under the lid.  The bags are folded on a roll and you have to seal three sides to create a bag.  I was also dissappointed in the weight of the bags.  They are thinner than Ziploc bags.  You cannot use canisters with this one 
It is a very lovely two piece set. And Amazon shipped it to me twice, and both times it arrived in more or less a pile of shards. I gave up, but from what I could tell from the remains, this set is a very nice heavy earthen bakewear. I'm not sure, considering the shipping problems, whether the set could survive normal jostling in storage cabinets or a dishwasher 
I placed a substantial order, mattresses, sofa set, table set and cocktail tables with this vendor and they cancelled my shipment becuase the cost to deliver the items they said was "too much" Nothing in their ads states they will cancel your order for such a reason and they state the shipping charge on the items and their site.  This was a great inconvenience to me and I feel they are not a reputable dealer and do not conduct their business in an honorable fashio 
The first use wasn't too bad. It cut things well but the lock locks too easily, without something even touching it, so it had to be unlocked multiple times during use. Safety is nice,but that is just annoying.  The biggest problem is the coil/spring is NOT stainless-steel so the inside of it rusts, even if you take it apart for each washing. Once it gets rusty it becomes very very difficult toclose the shears, making cutting a real pain, literally. I soak the spring regularly in rust remover but I can not use it no more than a single piece now without horrible aches in my hand.  My prior shears lasted for 10 years, but these I need to replace after a couple of months.. 
I gave these 2 stars because they worked nice for the first couple of months, even cut through chicken bones.  But just like the other reviews, the spring rusted terribly and the spring tends to pop off too easily at the most inconvenient moment.  I used these for making chicken soup alot, but noticed that it also doesn't always come clean between the blades and when using on chicken I like to be extra careful. So the next set I get I'll look for a set where the blades unhinge to make sure they come clean and not from Henckels this time 
I received my bowls today and was very disappointed.  How bowls this size can be referred to as "mixing" bowls I cannot fathom.  Neither do I know what could be mixed in bowls so small.  The second from the largest bowl is about the size of a normal cereal bowl. The bowls nest so the largest bowl holds the "cereal" bowl and the next to the smallest bowl nests in the cereal bowl.  The smallest bowl is a joke.  I doubt it would hold an extra large egg without running over.  The material is nice...melamine... and colorful but those are the only positive statements I can make 
The humidifier started leaking after a few weeks.  In another website, a few reviewers also had this problem.  The water overflows from the reservoir to the unit and onto the floor and does not stop until the tank is empty.  Very annoying!!  The filter has not lasted long and started smelly funky the third day of use.  It is also way too expensive 
Although I have used this model before and have all good results, the one I bought for Christmas did not work.  Jura Capresso states that they test their machines before they leave the factory.  They might have tested mine and it may have worked, but all it did for me was spit out hot water underneath the tray.  I tried different grind settings but to no avail, water flowing out the bottom of the machine.  Too bad as this was a gift for all of my family.  Imagine the look on their faces when all they got was water dripping onto the floor 
This steamer performs very poorly.  The wrinkles in my shirts just laughed when they saw it coming.  Now it sits in my closet collecting wasting space 
The design is great, the function is not. Always difficult to get both in the same package! I'm going to return it. It toasts unevenly. Toast is not crisp & it burns a corner of the toast 
WHY DO THEY CALL IT a 3 CUP PRESS..I barely get ONE cup out of it!! Are they talking EXPRESSO cups? Well anyway, every single time I use it I get grounds in my cup! EVERYTIME! GROUNDS!!!! yuck!  This is the third French Press I have owned and it is the worst of the three! I guess I will continue my search for a fourth French Press before I choke on too many grounds!!!! 
First I liked this press - good coffee, reasonable price.  But in 3 weeks operation, the press itself has already broken. The plastic holder for mesh filter has broken... May be this pres is good for ones a year usage, but not for everyday... 
Product was fine except that it isn't microwaveable. At the time of purchase it claimed to be microwaveable. The handle has a screw in it. I purchased it specifically for use in a microwave 
I was very impressed with the infomercials on this product and was about to buy the set before I read a very detailed and thorough online review at http://www.epinions.com/content_180924944004.  The reviewer gives a blow by blow review challenging all the claims made by the commercial for this product.  Among her pet peeves:    * things do stick to the product - use a flour cooking spray for better results. * odors do stay with the product  * not easy to clean - the reviewer says she found a special plastic cleaning product helps. * size of the pieces are small * the pieces are so flexible that if you don't place the food neatly in the pan, you get some unexpected lumps or misshapened results. * you can slice through the product easily. * guarantee is shakey at best  * and so on.....  There are one or two pluses but not enough to warrant buying in the face of all the negative issues brought to light.  And more importantly, I personally wonder how safe it is to cook food on silicon surfaces at high tempertures on a day to day basis.  I for one, definitely will not buy this product.  Please consider this recap of another's review a public service.  Buyer beware 
The Bissell 2680B Perfect Sweep Dual Brush Sweeper has a pole attachment that keeps coming apart every time you attempt to sweep. This defect in the design, which uses sections instead of one long pole, makes it impossible to use without aggravation. We have put tape around the pole, but it does not work. Now we are going to try screws to hold it together. I never saw anything like this in my life, and hope I never do again. 
I was looking for a set of steak knives and came across the infomercial one night. It sounded great and much cheaper then the Henckels of the world. And look at all the different types of knives. NOT WORTH IT. These knives don't cut well at all (as compared to my Henckel knife). I wish I didn't buy it and just purchased a couple of good quality knives.  Also, the block holder is HUGE!  It takes up too much space.   
The original filter that came with the unit worked fine and it was easily able to humidify two large rooms.  This replacement filter, however, does not seem to wick water very well.  It can barely keep a 17x12' room at 30% humidity with the door closed, windows shut and heat turned off.  And it's in the 40s -- not even very cold out.  In fact, it wicks so badly that for the water level to change in the tank I have to flip the filter every hour or so.  I called Hamilton Beach but they said it wasn't their problem because the filters are manufactured by 3M.  Of course, this is the only filter offered for use with this unit 
I am glad I only paid $60 for this.  I see it's now up to $90.   I am a bit disappointed in this purchase.  It does slice well so far (although I haven't tried slicing anything really thin like prosciutto yet) but I don't like the fact that I have to hold the on button down with one hand while cutting.    I also found that when I used it to slice homemade bread that the slices get stuck in between the blade and the plastic guide at the bottom, so I have to stop and dislodge each slice, sometimes tearing them in the process.    I also don't like how loud it is and the fact that it sounds like it is working REALLY HARD all the time.  It makes me question how long the motor is going to last.  The catch tray is really useless (as someone else pointed out) and in addition to not doing it's job it doesn't store inside or attached to the machine in any way, so it just kind of gets in the way.  If I decide to keep the machine I am going to throw it away.    So all in all, I gave it two stars because it is a CHEAP slicer (or at least it was at $60 I am not so sure at $90) but it works like a cheap slicer too, so you are definitely getting what you pay for.. 
WE MADE TWO BATCHES OF ICED TEA IN OUR MAKER.  WE COULDN'T FIGURE OUT WHY IT WAS LEAKING BUT FIGURED MOST OF THEM DO HAVE SPOUT PROBLEMS.  MY HUSBAND FOUND A CRACK FROM THE SPOUT UPWARD SO OUT IT WENT. ALTHOUGH THE INSTRUCTIONS SAY TO ADJUST THE SPOUT WE NEVER TOUCHED IT 
We finally broke down and went looking for a complete set of quality kitchen knives. The name Wushof came up several times and we purchased a set of them.  They work well until they started getting dull sooner then I thought they would . I have numerous sharpening stone ,(ceramic, diamond)and buffing wheels, and sharpened them myself to a razors edge.  Again they worked well, but soon became very dull. We were very careful in the storing and handling of them which made no differance.  They are well balanced , looked well made but are over rated and priced.  The 2 Mac Japanese knives we have stay sharper longer, take abuse better and sharpen easier. 
i bought this screen and hoped it would keep the stove top clean whilst i sauteed or fried food.  i used it twice and it worked well. the third time i placed it on top of my cast iron skillet where the hamburgers were grilling and the screen caught fire at the edge.  it was a small fire but big enough to burn a hole thru the screen and i no longer want to use it and take a chance of another fire.  think twice before buying thi 
This grill pan heats relatively evenly, and is large enough to accomodate four slices of bread, allowing for the preparation of two sandwiches simultaneously.  It leaves nice "grill marks" on the food, and works well overall. The press that comes with it is very nice to have, as it helps cook food faster. However, it has one major drawback: it makes a very odd smell when it is used, regardless of the temperature at which it is being heated. I thought maybe this smell would dissappear after several uses, but even after many uses the smell is still as strong as the day I took it out of the box. It is enough of an odor to make me wonder about the safety of the product.  I have a number of higher end Calphalon non-stick pans and none of them make this smell, making me think this is a consequence of a cheaper pan. Bottom line: If I had to do it over again, I would spend a bit more money and get a higher end Calphalon grill pan and press instead 
I loved these sheets when I first got them.  They look expensive and have a nice thick feel to them.  After laundering them in cold water by themselves once a week for 2 months they started to fade, and worse yet started developing spots of discoloration in a bright orange color on the pillowcases!  I have laundered these in Tide with NO bleach!  What a shame they did not hold up well 
Just got the pressure cooker, and it looks like a great, heavy duty pot.  Very nice.  Because of the other reviews, my main purpose in purchasing this was for canning.  However, after reading the manual, I learned that this CAN NOT be used at altitudes above 3,000 feet -- which leaves out a lot of Colorado, New Mexico, Utah......  Otherwise, I'm sure it's great 
Believe me, I dearly wanted this pan to work out. It costs well over $100. However, no matter what I did, everything I cooked in this pan stuck. I tried using it without greasing it, greasing it with oil, spraying pam on it, putting ghee/butter in it etc. The following things all stuck: pancakes, eggs, hamburgers and chicken. In fact, every thing I tried, stuck. Also, the shape was strange as most of the surface area was off the heating surface. Also, they have this 1" label on the bottom that was hard to get off. I finally did but once I cooked something, when I turned the pan over there was a microscopic film of glue from the label that I wasn't able to get off and it had turned brown. Ugggh, this was the worst cooking experience of my life. Needless to say, I returned this pan...  
Okay, I bought for the price. And it is effective enough. But it is very clumsy and unergonomic, so that after a couple minutes of use it is difficult to handle any longer. The main problems are: Balance of weight, and the switch.  First, the switch: Because it is a cheap push-in button, which must be constantly depressed to keep the knife on, you lose optimum control quickly. The handle is badly placed for this, as your thumb must always be on TOP of the handle and forward toward the front of it, but you can't hold your hand up there because your wrist angle will be completely wrong for cutting. In addition, keeping that button depressed is difficult not only because it does require a constant application of pressure at a different direction from both the grasp and the application of the knife, but because the button sinks deep into the handle, so your thumb is inside the handle as you're trying to hold and control the knife: Quick cramp. Moreover, as you're pushing it in, if the food you're cutting is moist (like a turkey), juices may run onto the handle, your thumb--and into the hole into which you're pressing the button. NOT safe. A couple times I've wondered whether that shooting pain in my thumb was from nerve torture or electric shock; either way, it wasn't good.  Then the weight distribution of the knife is not very good. Look at the huge bulk of the motor--and then look at where the handle is located, and how it is designed. There's no way to hold this at a proper angle with the handle shaped as it is. Add in the need to be depressing the power button as you're holding it awkwardly, and...  2 stars for effectiveness; minus 3 for bad functional design 
the pin is not properly secured to the body of the pitter. after a few uses it will pop off. i've gone through three of these pitters from my local linens 'n things. how could the designers be so inept 
I bought this coffee maker to try and get above the level of cheap coffeemakers.  I did not succeed.  I paid $50 and could have bought a $20 Mr. Coffee and saved myself a lot of my money.  This is not a top of the line coffee maker with bottomline features.... it is a bottomline coffee maker with bottomline features.  It has no clock, no timer, no automatic turnoff (It will cook the pot dry if you forget to turn it off.  It is hard to fill to the correct level without having water run out the hole in the reservoir at the back.  It is hard to pour a cup of coffee without cascades of dribbles.    You are supposed to be able to take a cup out as it is brewing.  In a word, "Don't".  It just keeps drooling coffee all over the heating element.  And it takes forever to brew a pot of coffee.  I am not an engineer, just a harried housewife that is trying to get everything together in the morning and get everyone where they need to go.  THIS coffeemaker should have never made it to the marketplace.    If you want a basic coffeemaker, get a Mr. Coffee for $20, this is not what you are looking for.   There is nothing "Deluxe" about this coffee maker except the profit they are making off of consumers like me.    
I received the Shake-N-Take as a gift for Christmas 2006.  Mine just broke down this morning.  The motor gave out.  I didn't really get 2 weeks of service out of it 
The outside ring works well but the inside ring leaves an incomplete cut. It appears that the two rings are not at the same level leaving no way that the inside ring can make contact with the cutting surface. I am cutting the inside ring with a separate modified piece of metal 
You may as well put your betta in a glass of water. The argument is that bettas are naturally found in rice paddies in Thailand...go ahead and google images of a rice paddy. Bettas can live in small areas due to a special lung that lets them breathe air directly...humans can live in cars, but should they? And the tiny stick of bamboo is a joke, adding insult to injury. They have nothing to retreat or hide behind at all in this kit. Bettas were not put on this earth to make your office pretty. If you want a betta, get them a proper tank 
Do not buy this product.  It is not supplied with a parts list to order parts that may become broken.  If your call their customer service number, everyone is very courteous, however they want pictures of the Power base, (front-back-top and Bottom)as well as a picture of the menu book.  They want all of this just to order a simple O ring gasket that goes on the the blender blade piece to act as a seal.  They will not sell you this item (package of 4 for $7.95) without all of the above information as well as a receipt. I find that all of this would be unessary if they would just supply a simple parts list.  Dyanand  
This was a seventh anniversaty gift, and being made of copper is its only real benefit.  Two of the welded connections between the rings were broken upon receipt and it's light and relatively shabby in construction.  It's difficult to find a 7th anniversary gift made of copper, and to that end, this fit the bill.  But its real value, even for the intended purpose, is very limited 
Same problem - the surface has begun to deteriorate.  We use this pan daily, always using appropriate implements and washing by hand, but still the non-stick surface has broken down.  I am going to contact All Clad to see if they will stand by their product and replace.. 
I must agree with the negative reviewers that this pan's nonstick coating began coming off almost immediately after I began using it.  I'm not talking about scratches, which often are a result of using the wrong kind of implements for cooking and cleaning.  My pan began pock all over, even up the sides where I rarely touch them.  I hung on to this pan for 3 years, simply because I could not bear to part with it for the expense.  But eventually I had to treat it like my other All-Clad pans (which I LOVE) and use full amounts of oil to cook.  It was no longer worth using.  Although the reviewer who loves this pan was "certain" the rest of us who have not liked this pan were not caring for the pan properly, that "certainty" is based on nothing but speculation.  I cared for my pan precisely according to the directions provided by All-Clad.  Of course, I could have asked All-Clad to replace it early on, since it was clear the nonstick coating was coming off on its own accord.  But that would not have changed the fact that the coating on my pan was coming off 
I purchased this fry pan in June of this year - and it is almost to a state where it is ready to be thrown away as of December 1st.  I would have expected the nonstick surface to be of superior quality and durability from All-Clad, but the sad truth is that I have had cheap grocery store pans that have maintained the coating far longer, and a small fraction of the cost.  After just a few weeks the surface became scratched on this pan and the coating started to come off in the food - ick!  I love the uncoated All-Clad, but I will be looking elsewhere for nonstick in the future 
I have used this vacuum for over a year now.  I consistently have trouble with the belts staying on.  I cannot count the number of times I've had to unscrew the plate underneath and reattach the belts.  If it even rolls over something uneven on the floor, the belt comes off and the beater brush stops moving. Also, although "bagless" sounded great, this vacuum is very, very messy to clean out.  I have to take it outdoors and the dust goes everywhere. It also does not have a lot of sucking power through the attachments. I write this review today because the beater bar stopped turning and all belts are attached.  I have taken this vacuum apart for the last time.. 
I bought this product in December 2004.  After two months of use (about once a week) the on/off switch broke.  Eventually after using it for a year (and trying to get Hoover to correct the problem), just before Christmas 2005 I got quite a fright when I started smelling smoke whilst using it.  I discontinued the use of the product, and asked Hoover once again to please look at it.  Their reply was that I should take it to one of their authorised shops, where they'll repair it, charge me.  Then Hoover will see if it was in fact a factory error and only then refund me when they feel they're not in the wrong.  Please.  Don't waste your money on this product.  It is defnitely not worth it.  It is noisy, vacuums carpets well when used to work, but is unable to vacuum floors at all.  (One of the options on it).  Sorry, Hoover.  But you have lost a loyal customer.  (My whole family for 3 generations back has always bought Hoover, including myself... 
At first, we loved this ultra quiet vacuum cleaner. After one year, however, it started sounding like a jet engine. The turbo-nozzle had broken. I live in a major city and no one within the city limits services these things, and when I ordered a new turbo nozzle, they sent a mini. It turns out that the actual replacement nozzle, listed at $29.99 a year ago, now costs $125.00! The explanation I got was "Prices are subject to change without notice." Now I'm stuck with a 5-inch mini turbo nozzle and my wife is going to kill me. Plus the cord, which used to snap back into the cannister at the touch of a button, creeps in while we're vacuuming--and when we press the button too. I love it at first, but I'll never buy another Electrolux. It's not well made, and they don't stand behind their product. 
Worked fine for about 6 months and then the inner surface failed.  I'm not sure precisely what happened but some part of the surface coating wore off and now it's impossible to make a waffle that doesn't stick completely to the waffle iron.  A complete waste of money 
Unlike many people it seems, I've never had a problem with the hinge on this waffle maker -- it's still sturdy for me after about 8 uses.  However, the fact that I've owned this item for nearly 2 years and only used it 8 times speaks for itself. This waffle maker produces extremely mediocre waffles. I've NEVER  been able to make waffles that come even close to waffles I've had in restaurants.  After trying over half a dozen different recipes, I realized that it wasn't my ingredients -- it was the waffle maker. This waffle maker is simply incapable of producing waffles the way they should be -- crispy on the outside, chewy and moist on the outside.  Instead, no matter what recipe I used, or how long I cooked the waffles for, I would end up with dark brown waffles that were dry throughout and lost all crispiness (if they had any to begin with!) within moments of leaving the waffle maker.  The model doesn't burn the waffles, the nonstick coating does indeed prevent sticking, and overall the waffle maker is nice looking. But that's all it has going for it. I've learned my lesson by now that when it comes to small kitchen appliances, you get what you pay for. 
My husband brought home this neat black coffee maker, deliberately choosing one without a timer - the less bells and whistles the less can go wrong . . .right? How can this company not even get the on-off button right??? it's so cheap, when you push it, the "lighted button" just pushes right in, and doesn't turn the coffeemaker off or on. Why didn't we keep the box and receipt, so we could return it?? $20 down the drain DON'T BUY THIS 
Do not buy this product or any other product with the Perfect Pour Carafe.  The brilliant designers at Black & Decker thought that they would improve on a centuries old design by incorporating a plastic spout on the glass carafe.  The problem is that the coffee flows in between the two and on to the floor or whatever else you are pouring over.  Nice work guys.  One call to their Customer Service line was cut off.  On the next I chose the option to leave a message and be called back--unfortunately the mailbox was full.  I guess the poor product deserves poor customer service 
At first I thought this was a great product.  If you only make cheese fondue it is great.  The pot is very easy to clean although it could be easier if it were dishwasher safe.   The problem I've had with mine is that it doesn't get beyond about 320 degrees.  The dial goes up to 400 but even after waiting for 30 minutes for it to heat up, it only got up to 323 degrees and wouldn't go any further.  So if you want to use this for oil for a steak fondue it won't do the job well.   I know these kinds of appliances have to have a short cord and also a break-away cord but this is ridiculous.  Touch the darn thing and the cord falls free.  Very frustrating if you have a lot of people trying to use it for fondue.  People kept telling me that the cheese was getting "hard" because the cord had fallen off, again.  Next time I'd get a pot that had a thermometer built in, don't rely on the heat setting dial.  
Don't buy this fan, unless you can put up with noise it will make on high speed.  Also, if it has green lights(like my blizzard fan did), it will light up a dark room at night. Also, you will see the fan shadow on your ceiling.  Low speed is quiet enough for sleeping, but high will disturb you. The angle tilt adjustments are not precise, and are difficult to do.  There are better choices 
The unit has nice, large digits, but the wireless sensors don't work consistantly.  The system works for perhaps 3 days and then the wireless link goes down.  We have to remove the remote sensor batteries and reinstall them for the link to be re-established 
This is the worst pan I have ever had.  We love mini muffins and have had Wilton and other pans.  They are hard to clean so I thought I would buy this one and cleaning would be a snap.  1st.  The silicone smell was horrible. 2nd.  The pan warped in oven.  I used the sled it came with and followed directions 3rd.  I washed in hot soapy water 3 times and still muffin residue 4th.  The muffins did not come out.  I used spray I waited until cool and still they stuck.  I will never buy silicone anything.  Don't waiste your money 
Being lost without a timer for everything!, I purchased this to replace one that jumped into the dishpan......  Having a clock and the ability to time three events at once are great features, but the alarm is too soft. I have hearing problems, but even at a distance to 12-15 inches, the alarm is easy to miss.  Even my sharp eared children agree.  I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing.... a lesson learned for me. 
Reasons:  1. Faulty battery cover design.  The battery cover comes off time I remove the timer from a metal surface.  2. The protective glass is cloudy - making the timer numbers hard to see.  3. The alarms are not very audible.  4. The magnet "unglued" itself within the first three days of use 
First item came with the LCD display scratched UNDER the protective film from the factory.  Yes from the factory.  Put a battery and it ran for exactly 15 seconds and died.  Tried a new battery, different brand etc.  Yup, dead.  Don't buy this thing, I've never seen worse quality in my life 
The temperature settings for the alarm are preset and cannot be manually changed.  So if you cook your food using the alarm, you can over cook it, horribly over cook it, or turn it into a cinder 
 It was kinda hard to use and after about 6 months it just stopped even though I always kept it charged. Since this is the type of product you might take camping I don't recommend it because it's not reliable.    I used it once or sometimes twice a day....no more so I really think it should have lasted longer 
I bought this aquarium for my son for his birthday last summer and thought it was great... that is until it started leaking about 4 months after I bought it.  Giving the benefit of the doubt, and thinking the leak was a QA issue rather than a design issue, I managed to exchange it for the exact same model.  Well it's been 4 months since I got the new one, and this morning what did I notice?  Yup, a leak. The tank was full yesterday and this morning it's 2/3's full, with a pool of water on the table that holds it.  Luckily, no damage was done to the floor either time.  I understand there are sometimes manufacturing issues with a product now and then,  but when the same leak occurs in the same product after the same length of time, well then, it's just a cruddy product.  Stay away from this aquarium 
The only european characteristic of this cup is it's price.  The picture is deceiving - this thing is tiny. I could only put three of my fingers through it's ear.  I am definitely returning it to Amazon - in my mind, it's worth 5 bucks and is more of a for a kid than an adult. 
We travel in third world countries and ordered this to provide a little more security while we're sleeping.  The materials used in this lock are just too flimsy to inspire much confidence.  The main body is plastic.  The metal bar which fits into the door jamb is thin and flexible so easily bends out of the way when pressure is put on the door.  The serrations on the bar are not deep, so don't promise much strength.  While none of these locks can be expected to withstand someone trying to kick the door in, this one, while prettily-designed is overly expensive and unimpressive. We're going to try a few others.  By the way, in returning this item, which we consider unsatisfactory, Amazon will charge us doubly:  the cost to return the item to Amazon and also charge us for what we originally saved with our "Super Saver" shipping.  The end result is far from the full refund other merchants offer 
The Rubbermaid Chrome Dish Drainer arrived in a timely fashion.  However, the utensil holder was not included.  I promptly contacted the seller by email.  Their representative apologized profusely in her response and assured me that the utensil holder would arrive promptly.  Two weeks later, I did not have a utensil holder and I had received no further communication from the company.  I plan to return the item and dispute the charge on my credit card.  I also have found the same item under a different brand name for a cheaper price at Bed, Bath and Beyond 
It makes great tea, but the pitchers last about 4 to 6 months before the seam on the front cracks and starts to leak. It would be great if a quality replacement pitcher was available. Then I would give it 5 stars 
I know this is supposed to be a waterproof thermometer, but my wife ran it under the faucet to clean it and the screen fogged up inside. I took out the battery and found water in the compartment.  I give it as many as two stars because until the water got in, it did work as advertised. And seeing that other people have had no problem with the waterproofing, I'm wondering if I just had a bad o-ring.  Now, I'm off to find a better thermometer 
i hated these shakers. i got them as a gift and 1. they are too big and take up too much space and 2. the rubber stoppers were not a tight fit so the salt and pepper was always leaking out the bottom and 3. the holes in the top are too big and too much comes out at once. finally one broke and i was thrilled to toss them out. the other, smaller fiesta ware ones -- the round ones -- are much much better 
Not functional, bought it as a gift and could not give it after looking at it and trying to put a roll of paper towels on it.  Impossible to use -the rod and rod top and base are not aligned properly nor made properly. Also, it came in a box that was damaged and taped together (not the shipping box, the Polder box that the product comes in)...looks like someone returned it previously (probably for the same reasons) and it was then sent to me.  I still have it because I was not able to return it within the 30 days alloted. Time to throw it out - waste of money 
I have owned a Roomba for several years, and have been very pleased with its performance, so I was very excited to purchase the Scooba.  However, it has been the worst purchase that I ever made.  The first one that I received would quit working every time it bumped into furniture or the wall.  iRobt did send a replacement, but it only works about half of the time.  The other half of the time, it does not vacuum up the dirty water, so it leaves the floor dirtier than before I "cleaned" it.  I have contacted iRobot for help, but none of their suggestions have worked.  Honestly, I would throw it in the trash if it did not cost so much 
I only used the cup 4 times before my trying to get the lid back on (not exactly easy because of push on design versus screw on), caused the inner lid seal to break. The lid is now worthless and needs to be replaced.  Now I have to deal with seeing if Amazon will help me replace the unit, even though I already sent the packaging to the recycler a week or so ago.  I would not recommend anyone purchasing this unit, due to the lid issue and other points made in the other comments herein 
I have nice sharp blades... I sliced veggies, and got all these tiny little plastic "hairs" that the cutting mat gave off as I sliced it up along with my veggies.  Had to toss them.  These mats are fine if you want to use them to knead dough, or any other purpose other than for what they are made for... chopping and slicing with knives or other sharp objects. For the price it was worth testing them out.  
Bought this knife set 3 months ago. It was beautiful with unique patterns on the blade and very sharp. But within few days we noticed it rusts very quickly. We left a knife in the sink in the morning after breakfast, by the time we came home for dinner the knife had several rust spots. We had to use Barkeeper's friend to clean all the rust out. We've tried to clean and dry the knives immediatly after every use - real pain in the #*@ - but once in a while one will be forgotten for couple hours and then rust immediatly forms. Once, when someone else was helping clean up, one went into the dishwasher. It didn't only have rust all over but the blade edge rusted away! Now the knife has jagged edge!!! I guess if I grind down the knife about 1mm I'll have a full edge again but I didn't expect this from top-of-the-line knives. Will not buy this brand of knives anymore 
When I opened the product, the sheets really were soft. But when you're laying on them, they aren't very comfortable.  I wouldn't buy another set again. But they were cheap, so not a horrible buy 
I knew when I purchased these sheets for only 13 dollars they weren't going to be great, but really these are ridiculous.  They are incredibly  thin sheets and they pill easily.  They also do not stay on my mattress, I am constantly having to put them back on.  I will not purchase these sheets again 
Not the best sheet experience. My legs broke out in a rash. Best to wash before using, I guess. The thread count is a bit lacking, too. For microfiber sheets, I want a cloud-like surface. I will go for a higher priced item next time 
I purchased the F69204 for $150 on sale. Used once that year with good results. It was another year before I tried to use again. Shortly after starting the motor, it froze up and quit. On disassembly I found that roller bearings are not used in the motor, instead an oil soaked felt type bearing that failed. The parts book said you could order the motor alone,but when I attempted this I was told you had to order the complete motorizing unit for a cost of $90 plus shipping. In the future I will stick with the cheaper middle grade units that I have had excellent results with and are cheap enough to discard and buy an new one if they fail 
This juicer is extremely heavy, made of industrial type metal parts, but it's poorly machined and assembled.  The heavy parts don't fit together well, and the juicer is wobbly and unstable, despite it's heaviness.  I am sending this back without using it once, becuase there's no way to adjust the parts, and it's too unstable to use as is.  Also, it really is almost impossible to pick up and move, due to the weight, without straining your back.  Finally, like a reviewer of the orange-x large-size juicer, I find the industrial chemical smell of the parts unpleasant, and the enamel paint is chipped and scratched in many places.  It seem like the kind of company where to get a good product, you'd have to go to a store and look through several boxes to try to find an undamaged one 
HOOVER HAS A KNOWN PROBLEM WITH THE BELTS STRETCHING OUT ON ALL THE SELF PROPELLED VACUUMS, BUT WIL DO NOTHING FOR CUSTOMERS STUCK WITH THEM! WE MUST REPLACE THE DRIVE AND PROPEL BELTS EVERY COUPLE OF MONTHS. REDICULOUS POOR CUSTOMER SERVIC 
Saw the other review and had to share my similar experience. The glue is still not off of my pan after hours and hours of scrubbing. It's now spread out a bit into a larger dark grey spot surrounded by steel wool scrapings. I have to return it because I know will get angry every time I pull it out of the cupboard and see the mess 
The manufacturers of the this pan have the most wonderful glue to stick a label to the surface of the pan.  It took me 2 hours to get all the glue off the pan.  The pan comes sealed in plastic so there is NO need to glue the label to the pan with some space age adhesive.  I had to use laquer thinner and steel wool to scrub the glue off.  Now I have 2 brand new jelly roll pans that each have 2 scraped up spots on each pan.  Think twice before you purchase this pan 
after just 7 months. So be aware that you might buy into some hassle by exchanging the knifes with Henckels. I am very dissappointed and will not spend that much money ($80) on knifes ever again, at least not on Henckels. My K-mart knifes hold up better 
People cliam this fan is quiet, it's not quiet. I wanted a fan that will circulate the bedroom air during the night, it's too loud and keeps me awake 
If I could give half a star I would.   I had this unit for exactly 93 days and it just wouldnt turn on one day.  I used it less than 3 times a week. There are several drawbacks to this unit. It draws ALOT of electricity to run it. I could use the same socket to run anything else while this on. Water gurgles/spits out of the spout while its boiling and I have gotten burned. The spout is also poorly designed, the water doesn't come out in an even stream, it goes where it chooses and even out of the seam of the lid. The heating element is exposed inside the pot and makes it almost impossible to properly clean. The water does get really hot in a short amount of time but its not worth it.   I just bought the Braun WK200B about a week ago. It is everything this kettle isn't and so much more. Read the reviews on that one before you buy this one. Its a better choice all around. Save the shipping costs, time & headache, just buy the Braun first and pass this one up. 
The other commentators stress features of this kettle that pretty much any cordless electric kettle will have.  It pales in comparison to my old Hamilton Beach, however, in several respects.  Well, really, one big one.  It's a plastic object.  And it gets very hot.  Too hot.  Hot enough that it smells like it's melting itself.  I got this as a gift, rinsed it thorougly, boiled a pot just to clean it - and it stunk like melted plastic.  Ran it again to try and get the smell out.  Same thing.  Rinsed it with cold water and tried again - still melted odor.  The outside of the kettle near the heating element was very hot even after it shut off (a problem I didn't have with my previous kettle, which I lost in a move), and when I touched it a melted plastic film tacked on to my finger.  You can bet I put this right in the mail back to Amazon.  I normally would hesitate to return a gift, but I'd rather the person have his money back than this thing sit on my counter collecting dust 
Why oh why did I buy this useless thing?  I have a perfectly good Cuisipro mesh 13-inch screen, which does what it is supposed to do, namely reduce the spray of grease spewing onto the burners, walls, and floor.  Is it perfect?  No. But it definitely does most of the job, which is what I can't say about the Tovolo.  It has three fatal flaws.  First, the working end of the detachable metal handle is proportionally too small to securely and safely leverage the screen off. I had to use  one hand to steady the metal edge of the lid--hot hot hot--as I tried to wedge the handle under the screen's lip with my other hand.  Second, count the number of air holes in the silicone screen.  Then, count the holes in the metal mesh of the Cuisipro, or its ilk.  The purpose of a screen is to catch the grease, and this is the important part, to allow the steam to escape, otherwise the water vapor condenses back onto the food.  I first tried using the Tovolo to saute ground beef.  The beef began to stew in the water dripping from the surface of the screen.  Third, too much grease escapes around the edge of the screen because the metal rim bows from the heat.  In all fairness, the mesh type bows also, but not as much, possibly because the edge is thin and more pliable.  This product, imo, is just one more silicone kitchen gadget that does not work as well as the metal version. Save your money and buy the old fashioned kind.  
We bought this Krups FLF2-J4 with anticipation of and excelent machine for our needs. It is a nice looking unit light weight and fast at heating a full load of water. However, an odor  is created in the unit and after two weeks of usage it still remains. It hadn't diminished during that time. It smells like burnt plastic and it transfers that to the water for our tea or fresh ground coffee. Not pleasant.  We felt it just wasn't safe. I've repacked it and will return it if possible.  Krups know of this as they mentioned it in their manual. 
I have used a lightweight Hoover for years and was very pleased with it.  When I first received this new cleaner I was really excited with the power it had.  The third time I used it the belt broke.  With each use, my back would start hurting. The forward motion was very easy, but pulling it back was hard.  I returned this product because I felt there was something wrong with it 
I bought this underwater lighting system with four laser beams and when i installed it one of the beams came defective and didn't lit on; i didn't matter because they look beautiful underwater...    one week later i noticed that another light went off and two days later the other two shutdown too; i replaced the beams but they stop working days later. it's my opinion that this is the worst product you can buy to your aquarium. (unless you only want to use it for one or two weeks) 
We ordered 2 of these wafflemakers.One for a present for my daughter in college. It never worked from day one. The second one worked for 2 months then quit heating up. Calls to villaware company resulted in them telling us to "ship them back". Shipping costs would have been above $30.00..Then what if new ones don't work...do I pay to ship those back too? Don't waste your money on these.Yes, when they work they make great waffles,but only WHEN they work... 
I bought this belgiam waffle maker 30 days ago.  It worked fine for 30 days and then the iron stopped heating up.  I contacted Villaware and they suggested getting Amazon.com to replace the unit which they did.  Time will tell on the replacement 
I got these sheets and was very pleased with them at first. After a couple of days I observed color sticking to everything around. The worst, it painted my matress in RED color!! I tried my best to remove the color but it wont go away. Now I found the best place for these sheets - in the attic 
These are more like 200-250 thread count. Soft at first, but after a couple of washings, they feel rough, loose their shape, and wrinkle easily. I purchased several different colors in twin and king sizes and all have been a disappointment.  
Okay - there's something wrong with Brita filters. They don't always fit into the pitchers - when I tilt the pitcher I can hear the filter shifting inside - and yes, I am aligning it properly. It may filter out impurities contained in the tap water, but only to replace them with thick black carbon particles. I've followed all the instructions and replace the filters every second month, but darned if there isn't a problem with every single one! Don't buy this - look for another alternative 
I ordered this product based on the reviews that were available at the time. I was sorely disappointed. There is no measuring cup, so all water amounts must be estimated (the unit has three "lines" to help, but nothing that denotes how much water to use if you wish to cook a specific number of eggs); there is no buzzer when the unit is finished, so unless you babysit it, everything ends up overcooking. This is a great unit to avoid purchasing unless you plan to always cook 8 eggs at a time and want them all hardboiled 
I returned Eureka 437AZ back to AMAZON. I was very dissapointed when I've tried to vacuum my room. The vacuum is powerful but flow of air comming from the front blower is so strong that it disperses dust all over and prevents proper vacuuming. In the Cosumers Report Eureka 431 green vacuum cleaner is not recommended model and now I know that these two vacuums are practically identical, the only difference being color and HEPA filter. Another downside of this vacuum is that the dust acumulates over the filter which then is difficult to clean.    
My pump just up and quit after several years...and it didn't always work great, but when it did, it was ideal. So I'll replace it, but with some other product, not the Cuisipro again. 
My last one (same model) was good.  This one, the auto shut-off just buzzes and doesn't shut off 
A couple of days ago I depressed the switch to begin toasting a piece of sliced bread, when all at once a blue flash jumped out at me, thus causing the demise of my applicance. I now realize I paid far too much for this unsafe piece of junk that lasted about two weeks short of a year 
My steamer worked well for all of 5 mins.  The pole went from upright to a 45 degree angle without hanging anything on it and would not straighten out; the defect appeared to be at the connection where the pole screws into the machine.  Then within minutes I had water all over my hardwood floors. I had the same problem as other reviewers, the water tank kept leaking.  So off to the returns department we went.  I guess it steamed well for the five minutes that it worked? Not worth all the mess and hassle of returning it. 
Drip, drip, drip. One drip at a time. It takes 20 minutes to fill a pasta pot. We've had it 3 years (it never worked any faster than this) and sometimes I'm just tempted to just use the tap water and not worry about lead poisoning from the pipes 
The Amazon product picture makes these trays look like they produce square cubes and will, therefore, rest upon each other without spilling.    HOWEVER, the product one actually receives from BIC Superstore are trays that produce longer, comma-shaped ice; and the trays themselves do not rest on each other at all.  The bottom of one tray freezes into the ice of the next, so you get a frozen block of ice and trays, all stuck to each other and impossible to crack apart without hot water.  These trays are a big mess.  They don't nest without spilling!  And don't be fooled by the "-" and "+" signs on the end of the trays, no matter how you stack them, they won't stack without spilling!  Also, BIC doesn't share Amazon's helpful return policy, so BUYER BEWARE!! 
I have sold a number of this style timer made by KitchenAid in Pink , Black and White. Almost every buyer complained. All complaints were that the ring is not loud enough to hear if you are in another room, have a fan on or are listening to the TV or radio. Replacing the battery does not remedy the problem either. If you want a kitchenaid timer invest in one of the Red, Black, Blue, White or Tangerine ones that are entitled Digital timer with rotating dial - no one has any complaints over this style of KitchenAid timers. 
Just recently purchased the Thermometer and the clip does not hold the theremometer in place.  Paid $6.50 for item and $6.34 for shipping and was very displeased/upset with quality of the item. I thought the clip would hold the thermometer in the upright position so you could move the frothing cup in circular motion.  Thermometer falls over due to clip not tight enough on thermometer shaft.  
I bought this to make meaty stews with rice for my dogs.  It works for a while then stops working, or just goes on warm.  They replaced it three times--everytime it went out.  This seems to be common with cheap rice cookers--see the reviews on the RIVAL RCS 200, they all go out within days or weeks!  I guess Black and Decker and Rival used the same Chinaman to design these useless things.  I can't understand why Amazon et al are still selling these when obviously they do NOT work.  The companies will replace them but all replacements go out immediately. In frustration I bought the Aroma 60-cupper for $125--and after two months that also went out.  Any suggestions on a 20-cup rice cooker with longevity would be appreciated 
It did the job til it became defective.  After a year of light use (avg 3 times a week), three of the most important buttons stopped working: the start button, power level button and minute plus button.  Now the only way we can get it to heat anything is to use the popcorn button.   
I ordered this kettle specifically to avoid heating up water in plastic. However, this  kettle emitted a foul chemical odor that also transferred to the water. I boiled it a few times plus tried the water/vinegar suggestion in the brochure but nothing seemed to help. I decided that I didn't want to take the risk of drinking these unknown chemicals so I'm returning it - it's not worth the risk. I can't figure out if it's coming from the "stainless steel" bulb  (that feels like plastic to me if you tap on it) that covers the heating element or the plastic seal between the glass & the bulb. Plus the lid has a stong odor too & that is plastic covered in "stainless steel" 
Until a week ago, I'd have given this coffee maker four stars because it has brew-strength control.  Last week, though, the clock face turned entirely black and this morning the unit completely malfunctioned. The shut off alarm sounded after only an hour but when I went into the kitchen to salvage the last of the coffee, I discovered the unit was still on.  Draining the pot, I attempted to shut the unit off manually and it kept coming back on. I finally got it shut off and 10 minutes later it turned itself back on again. After unplugging it, the unit went into the trash. I strongly suspect steam was able to get into the mechanism causing the electronics to short circuit. Obviously, it is a fatal design flaw--or a clever ploy to force people to buy more coffee makers. In all, it lasted about eight months 
Had somewhat higher expectations, given that this was a Lennox. Got the shaker home. tried it out, IT LEAKS. No matter how hard you hold the darn thing together, it leaks. I am a materials engineer so I gave the product a more than cursory examination. VERY, VERY POOR QUALITY.  Also Made in China (if that has anything to do with quality ... hint hint wink wink) DO NOT BUY 
Thank gawd I didn't purchase this product! My landlord has it in my apartment and I have to hang dry everything because it doesn't dry clothes at all!!  Sometimes it doesn't even wash! Go to Sears and do proper research on a washing machine! 
I purchased this product in November 2003 and still have not had it installed. The customer service is horrible. I had questions and had a very difficult time finding a service company who knew anything about this Haier machine. I called customer service over five times and had to have corporate refer me to a company in Indiana. Nobody I knew has had a combo, and it has been frustrating dealing with the company. I also did not know I could not return this product. I honestly regret getting this machine; it is pricey and not worth it. I was looking forward to the space saving option, but I rather have no machine than face the hassles and headaches. I read a few negative reviews and do not look forward to the troubles ahead.  
Unfortunately, there is no option for 0 star.  I had the same problem as Lana from NC.  I ordered the product, and when I opened the box, I found that I received only the bottom piece.  When I asked if the remaining pieces could be shipped, I was told that partial products are not shipped and that I would have to get an entirely new order.  Fine, other than I have to go through the hassle of waiting in line at the post office to return the wrong one.  Except, if they don't ship partial products, then why did I receive a partial product to begin with?  I received the second, mind you the replacement order, and the same exact thing happened - I received only the bottom piece.  So now I have to shlep both packages to the post office and waste my time for their error.  I suggest doing a search of metrokane cocktail shaker and you will find a couple other sites selling the same product.  One site even has 2 different sizes if anyone is looking for a smaller shaker 
The only good thing which occurred when I bought this item from Amazon was it arrived with in two days.  I was quite disappointed when I opened the package only to find it was a typical pop-up hamper I could have bought anywhere in a store thus in the long run I ended up paying more for it.  I wanted to buy a pop-up hamper with a lid that you can zip it to stay closed.  This hamper lacks a lid so I reccomend if you're looking for the same thing not to buy it.  If I had known it lacked a lid I would not have purchased the hamper.  It's partially my own fault for not doing enough research about the product.  I gave it two stars because it's still functional and sturdy 
This hamper is okay, but Amazon was very irresposible in how they shipped it.  I ordered four, and all four shipped the same day from the same warehouse.  How did they arrive?  In four giant shipping boxes; each one contained one hamper and about 3 cubic feet of air filled plastic bags!  It took me 20 minutes just to break down the boxes and the plastic bags.  I live in the city where recycling and trash space is scarce, and this really an insult to me and to the environment.  There is nothing fragile about a compressed laundry hamper.  According to the packing list, the shipping cost on each was $6, which means that due to Supersaver, Amazon was skinning their shareholders to the tune of $5 per hamper.  Amazon, shame on you, you could have shipped all four in a large envelope!  
Worked just fine for over a year, then started behaving very oddly. Among the various problems this TOB-30BC unit exhibited, the most dangerous was switching itself on even when the main control was set to off, not switching itself off at the end of a toasting cycle, sending alarms when switched off, not being able to switch the unit off!  This unit neds to be unplugged from the outlet and I consider it to be a fire hazard.  Repeated communications to Cuisinart remain unanswered. 
My wife got this Cuisinart Classic Toaster oven as a wedding gift. We liked the appearance and had it on our registry. We used this toaster oven a lot because it cooked very well. Toast was perfect, and the oven cooked nice and hot. We broiled meats and made all kind of things in it. We found it hard to clean. We would take the baking pan/and crumb tray and use our regular self cleaning oven to clean those, but it would take a lot of scrubbing to clean the glass and interior of the oven.  Then after about 1 year one of the plastic feet broke off when simply adjusting the position of the oven on the counter. I glued it back on with super glue. It broke again and seemed to become more brittle over time because of the heat so I had to fix this plastic foot a few times.   Then another problem arose. The toaster and the one light would shut off a few second after pressing start. So to make toast we just used the un-timed bake function, but then we would have to watch so we did not burn the toast. Still we lived with it.  Then after about another four months all of the controls stopped working. So it does not bake. I think I knew this was going to happen because I would hear a strange buzz and see a little smoke come off when ever I turned the dial to bake for a while.   So therefore I think the electrical wiring was not heavy duty enough or the electrical system was not soldered well or protected well enough to last. I would have expected better quality. Considering how long we have been making toaster ovens, I think that it would have not been too hard for them to have made a more heavy duty electrical system for the controls.  So like other reviews say, it does cook well and evenly, but it is hard to clean and does not last. If I were to have rated the product before the problems started I would have given it 4 stars. I wish that Amazon and these sites had a section for long term reviews that would rate the quality, because most of the reviews seem to be written soon after receiving the products.   We are now looking into T-Fall Convection Toaster oven, but after reading those reviews we do not know if it cooks as hot as this oven and we want to get one that cooks well and lasts.  ______________  Since writing my review above I tried to fix my oven to no avail, but I have gained more insight into its design and perhaps why it broke.   My recommendations are as follows. Since I know that the rotary controls and the circuit board of this "Classic" model product can over time get dirty and stop working, I recommend that people who own this oven keep it far away from any other cooking products that create grease or steam such as range tops, rice cookers, deep fryers, pressure cookers, or kitchen sinks. Especially keep the vents near the controls on the right side of this unit away from these sources of moisture and grease.   I recommend consumers to consider the newer models with digital controls, which might have a different mechanism inside or the models with the controls beneath and therefore the electrical components and cooling vents underneath the oven and not in an exposed location. This might make the unit last longer.   The newer Cuisinart models with the knobs or digital controls beneath the oven might be a design improvement to correct the sort of problem I had. Or perhaps other manufactures have solved electrical component problem other ways. Maybe 1.5 years is average life, or maybe the fact that my oven was placed near the cooking range in my kitchen made my unit more susceptible to malfunction. Reviews of lots of other brand models show short life spans for these products. From the reviews and my observations above, I think the Krups models and the improved Cuisinart models might last a longer time than this classic model that died on me.  
I really made a mistake and bought 2 sets, thinking I could always have extras ready.  I tried all types of grinds, I packed loosely, I packed firmly, I packed tight, I played and played. Still did not get a good cup of coffee.  Finally, threw them out.  Just taking up space.  Learned a lesson on buying quantity 
I have explored a number of different ways to use my own grind of coffee in the Senseo Coffeemaker.  Folding filter paper didn't work....too much water goes by the filter making a week cup of coffee....The Quick-Cup sounded like a good idea....but it doesn't fit the holder tightly enough and too much water goes around the filter to get a good cup of coffee.  I found that the Eco-Pad fits tightly into the two cup holder and it works well.  The key to any of these re-usable pods is that water cannot be allowed to go around the filter.  The pressurized hot water must be forced through the coffee. The Quick-Cup and the Eco-Pad are essentially the same design but the Eco-Pad fits the holder correctly and the Quick-Cup is slightly small.  Buy the Eco-Pad, it works.  The Quick-Cup would work if you could rig a small rubber band seal between the Quick-Cup and the holder...a gasket, to prevent the water from going around.   Good Luck 
I purchased this blanket for $30 from Amazon after reading the same reviews I see now.  The negative comment about it being too light weight sounds fake after I saw the blanket and found that it weighted more than I expected from the review.  The real issue is that the quality is very poor.  I returned it and got a $30 blanket from Target and found the quality much better.    Luxuious Egyption cotton--no way. 
The decanter's pretty, the wine topper is okay. However, the picture is misleading.  These two items are clearly not meant to be paired.  The topper does not fit.... must have been very carefully balanced for the photo, but it sure won't stay that way.  The topper is made for a bottled wine, not a decanter. 
My girlfriend just bought this couch from amazon. This is by visiondecor furniture. First it shows up on the curbside in pieces. Did you ever hear of a couch in pieces and that you actually have to put it together? This is not including the cushions. The material is loose and very cheap looking and the frame is flimsy. I don't know if it will last a year. IKEA furniture is actually better quality. Paid around $550 with shipping, if she would have spent another $200 she would have a great quality couch from one of the local furniture stores in Los Angeles. She is very disappointed and wants to cry. Sad, very sad... 
Packaged with four left legs (requires two left, two right)   One briquette grate is smaller than the other and falls to bottom as a result.   Had to drill / elongate hole to install grate support bracket   Paint on handles started to run when I handled them with wet hands. I tried to rinse off the remaining paint or ink under running water so that it will not continue to bleed off. What paint do you know of that rinses off under plain water?   Right cast iron grate cracked when it came in contact with heat.    The design and construction of this product shows clear disregard for the consumer and is absolutely unacceptable at any price. I have to question at this point weather or not the paint used on the grill and grates is toxic or lead based. I've come across my share of junk but this is really bad!    
Seriously, for as good as their mixers are, their knives are really, really disappointing.  Flimsy, dull, easily bent and broken.  Within the first week of use, our paring knife bent a full 90 degrees at the tip and needed regular re-straightening before it eventually broke off altogether a couple months later.  The steak knives are now following suit, and the handle of the chef's knife has completely seperated from the blade.  Gah!  Don't waste your money 
We ordered an 8 inch quiche pan.  When it arrived, the Nordic 8 inch pan turned out to be 9 inches.  A 9 inch quiche pan can be bought at any local store.  I went on line to find a hard-to-locate item.  AND when I ordered this item it was not in stock so I waited almost a month for delivery and it is NOT AS DESCRIBED  I was deceived by the web advertisement.  UNFORTUNATELY, Amazon hides the merchants name in the billing arrangement so I cannot review the merchant 
The written description of this heater led me to believe that it would perform like the 2 5-yr-old Vornado models that are the best electric heaters I've ever had.  The VH2 has major flaws.  It's single fan speed is way too fast, causing heated air to be cool/cold within 10 ft of the heater.  The fan cannot be slowed down.  The thermostat causes the fan to stop and start in ridiculously short intervals; thereby wasting energy I believe.  Finally, the thermostat is set so that when at the highest (hottest) setting it doesn't allow the heater to bring even the immediate area around it to more than 70 degrees F.  I've had the heater &lt;1 mo and will attempt to return it for a full refund in another wk or 2 as soon as I have an alternative brand in my home 
too expensive, too little heat, unit quit after a year of intermittent use - I won't buy Vornado again. 
Get a couple of good hones instead and learn to use them. I got one of these a couple of years ago. I figured I would now enter "easy sharp knife heaven", but it ruined all my knives. They are sharp, but only kind of sharp. It ground the bevels to flat and I never managed to get anything that was remotely razor sharp, and trust me, I have tried. Anyhone who says razor sharp, doesn't really mean razor razor sharp or may never have seen a really sharp knife. If it isn't as sharp as that scalpel you used in biology class, it is not razor sharp.    I recently bought the book Razor Edge sharpening, and a couple of Razor Edge hones and hand reground all the knives I had ruined (doesn't take long if you do it right, even form a destroyed edge). Now I finally have the ultra scalpel sharp knives I always wanted. So sharp it is almost scary. Good hones aren't cheap either, but you can use them for your other tools too, like chisels, etc 
I ordered this item and received several notices postponing its delivery.  Eventually, I cancelled my order because more than a month has gone by, and still, no table and chairs 
Somehow I stumbled onto this item while searching for "quiet" and "fan". Now that I review the item description I don't see any mention of  "quiet". Oops.  The fan's primary flaw is that it only has two speeds, both of which are insanely high. I don't need such a mighty wind to just take the edge off of my over-heated workspace. A gentle breeze would be great. Instead I have a choice between either a hurricane or a tornado.  On the bright side, perhaps this product will bring about a resurgence of interest in the paper weight. And then, one day, frustrated over my choices between a sweltering office or a deafeningly loud fan, I can grab my largest paper weight and use it to break a window, thereby cooling the office naturally. Everyone wins!  Also, while the fan looks identical to the Holmes fan pictured, it is branded as a "Westpointe". Really. "Westpointe" with two "e"s 
 This is not and I repeat is not a good alarm. There is one alarm light and you can hardly tell which one is sounding. It looks as if the specs are lying to me and I hate lies. Also the battery died after 6-8 months. The low battery alert is loud and chirps so anoyingly. I also noticed that the alarm sounds a loud shrieking alarm when it sounds. I will return this alarm. Never again will I trust in First Alert 
This is a hollow ground blade (not flat ground) which does not cut straight.  The blade tends to want to rotate in the cut because of this.  Get a knife with a flat ground blade, not this one.  You can see the ground part at the bottom of the blade.  It is a cheaper way to make knives 
I have watched Emeril and perhaps others using this food processor and ending up with liquid all over the counter.  I just dismissed it as part of Emeril's shtick until I bought this machine for myself.  The first time I tried to use it with any liquid ingredients (making mayonnaise), it blew much of the liquid through the joint between the top and the bowl.  The top is just flawed in its design, as it would seem pretty obvious that the part of the top overlapping the side of the bowl should be on the inside rather than the outside of the bowl.  I suppose it had not occurred to me that anyone would design the top in the way that KA did, much less that such a design flaw would be overlooked in so many reviews (e. g. Consumer Reports and Cook's Illustrated).  In any case, this machine is pretty much useless for wet ingredients and borderline for dry (they blow through the badly designed joint as well) unless you feel that wiping up a large part of your ingredients from the counter, the outside of the bowl, the bottom of the machine, and any items nearby is a reasonable thing to expect to do.  I will probably get rid of the machine in some way and go back to the Cuisinart I have had for some time as it is a much better design in this regard. 
I returned this--absolutely unusable. Could not keep bottle engaged WHILE pulling down the two rather unforgiving arms 
This is a very nice and soft blanket, the best out of all electric blanket.  However, I have to return 2x due to the malfunction controller.  After only 2 weeks of usage, one of the controller started blinking E and no heat at all.  Same problems twice! I can't recommend this item until the problem is fixed 
I received the sleepwarmer blanket last week and have been very disapointed--it is just not warm enough!!  Even on the highest setting it doesn't get warm enough initially.  It is fine for keeping warm during the night but I want to be able to turn it down to keep warm and have it pretty hot in the beginning and that is not at all what this does.  It is nice and soft but you can absolutely feel the wires as well.  Not worth the money at all 
This electric blanket has the nicest texture of the last "five" electric blankets we have purchased. However it stopped working within a month, like the other four. Who makes a realiable electric blanket? Not Sunbeam and not this brand. Since the texture on this one is nice, we can at least keep it as an extra cuddling blanket 
I can't figure out what is so special about this rice cooker so I am irritated by the price which is making me wonder if their whole product line is over priced  
It amazes me that this model is being sold here, since the product was recalled by the manufacturer.  A newer, safer model is offered for just $10 more by Vornado.  Do your homework before you buy... 
I received this message direct from the Manufacturer  The DVH  is subject to our Heater Recall  that was announced last year Aug 3, 2004. and should be sent in and repaired before you use it again.   If you still hold in your possession a Vornado DVH, EVH,  IntelliTemp or VH heater, we are most interested in having it sent to our factory to be serviced and the potentially defective part replaced. We are providing free shipping via FedEx both to us and back to the owner.  To Register your product for free shipping and repair, you must call 1-888-221-5431.  You will need to know BOTH The Model  & Serial Number of the Heater ( which is only on the Bottom of the Heater itself) and also we will need the following information. Your Name, Street Address, City, State, Zip, Phone Number (with Area Code first).   
I was very disappointed with this cheese slicer--the wire broke after about the fourth use.  I have always had good experiences with Oxo and was very surprised.  
Works good except for with the Cappicuion pods they dont brew throughly. But makes great coffee 
Please do not buy they do not packge the refigerator right it comes with dents and parts are missing!!!!!! 
Was happy with this toaster until I had it for about 4 months. At that time the lever started acting up by not staying down.  Sometimes it worked other times we had to prop something heavy on it to keep it down. Not what I expect from a $70 toaster. Well, I have finally given up (2 months later) and am sending it back to Hamilton Beach since too much time has passed to send it to Amazon. They are sending me a new one, which I am not sure I am happy about. Might just exchange it somewhere for a toaster-oven......... 
I had my first machine for 5 months - a gift from a friend. When it started to let steam out all over the place, I went out and bought another one. I thought I was just unlucky with the first one. It also only lasted 5 months like the first one. I cleaned it - vinegar etc... like the instructions said - no luck. Steam came from everywhere. It would not warm the milk anymore. I took it back. Never again. 
do not buy this.  the steamer stops working in a month and it cannot be fixed.  cleaning doesn't help at all, even after carefully following the instructions.  very cheap, no good 
There is a clear echo here, so to simply quote the experience of another reviewer, "after two months the steamer ceased to function properly and steam came out of the espresso head instead."   Rather than paying to ship the unit to Krups myself---clearly, the company cannot afford to pay shipping on the thousands of these cheaply made units---I hauled the Krups FNP112-42 down to my workshop and found that the hose to the steamer had detached.  Well, fixing that problem did not render the FNP112-42 usable, for now it simply exhaled steam in great plumes like a bull in a Bugs Bunny cartoon. Cleaning the unit per the directions from Krups did nothing whatsoever. Nor did shaking it robustly or inserting various instruments into the nonworking nozzles serve any purpose, but at least I felt a bit better.   Turns out the only thing getting steamed was me. . .   I'm going to buy a good espresso maker this year for Christmas and I can promise you that it will not have the word Krups emblazoned on it. 
As a Starbucks employee of almost 2 years at my college... I know how to brew espresso and properly make drinks.  My roommates got this for me as a Christmas present at the Field Days Sale so I could make coffee drinks for all of our late night study sessions.  After about 2 months of use... the steamer ceased to function properly and steam came out of the espresso head instead.  I contacted a service advisor at Krups' website and it turns out that I would have to ship the machine to the nearest service center in Illinois on my own dime.  No thank you!  I'll find something better 
Functionally, this product holds plenty of media in an easily accessible manner.  It is not attractive to look at however.  My walnut finish was closer to a cheap mahogany, there are multiple areas where the finish migrated along the seams and left areas with nearly no finish, the varnish is very high gloss, and the knobs are low-grade, mismatched junk.  I believe the build is solid, but only time will tell.  Final word....pay the extra money for a hand-crafted cabinet where you can pick the finish and you can talk to the craftsman personally.  This just isn't worth $300 
I, too, received this item with chipped corners, scratches, and broken pieces. Unfortunately, the cost & hassle of shipping it back is not worth it, so we'll have to live with the damage.  It's a nice-looking desk otherwise, but beware that the keyboard drawer does not fold down completely and may cause problems typing on the keyboard for long periods of time 
Check out Kmart.com they have the samething for 39.99 a $20 savings 
I ordered some replacement batteries and was told that they would be here last Wednesday.  It is now thursday of the next week.  I have emailed them and told them to email me or call me to let me know where my package is and to no affail, no call.  I will never order from Petsafe again!! 
I DO NOT THINK THAT THE BATTERIES WERE FRESH.  DOESN'T SEEM TO BOTHER MY DOG WHEN HE BARKS 
Great looking set if they could arrive here without being broken. Amazon, how can you continue to ship these out to customers when it is so obvious that the manufacturer doesn't pack them well enough for shipping?   Amazon then simply throws that poorly packed box in an Amazon box with not enough cushion and away they go. Any rough handling at all resorts in the canisters banging each other and you end up with a broken box of ceramic. I've received two of those lovely surprises, the first set I ordered and the replacement set. Oh boy, I give up!   The canisters are packed one inside the other with a thin piece of cardboard separating them. Just imagine the UPS guy throwing the box or even setting it down hard. THEY BREAK!  Amazon is however good about issuing a credit or in attemting replacement (in this case) so it's like playing the lottery to see if you can get lucky and receive them without breakage. Are you feeling lucky??? If so then roll the dice 
I bought these because they matched my dishes.  I really wish I'd kept my old ones, even though they were black.  The size of these is nice for flour, sugar, etc.; however, the rubber seals in them aren't great.  The seal on my flour (biggest one) falls in every single time I take the lid off.  They're pretty, but not very functional 
Saw these canisters and fell in love with them. Couldn't wait to get them and when I did they were broken into a million pieces.  They replaced them very timely but one lid is almost too small and the seal doesn't fit properly.  Another lid fits so tight it takes two hands to get the lid off.  I was disppointed in the quality.  I wouldn't buy these again even if I had to buy something more expensive 
I bought this coffee maker and after only using it 6-10 times over the course of 13 months, it stopped working.  I called the number for service that was listed in the booklet and was told it can't be repaired & I should just throw it away!  I had already purchased nearly 100 pods and now those and the coffee maker are useless!  Buy one at you own risk 
This as a new and "improved" Zyliss press. It does not come with the plastic cleaner the older model used because it has a "nonstick" surface. It is very difficult to remove the peels left after pressing. The holes have to be cleaned individually with a small probe like a toothpick. Difficult and time consuming. I have sent multiple e-mails to Zyliss asking for cleaning suggestions. Zyliss does not respond.   The companies lack of interest in customer satisfaction is very informative. Don't buy their products 
I bought this fryer and used it twice.  The 3rd time I got the error message on the screen and could not get it to work, even hitting the reset button wouldn't get it going. I had to take it to an authorized dealer for repair and he got it working.  I used it one more time and it went out again. I took it back and two months later I received a new fryer in the mail.  The new one doesn't have the digital controls, it's back to the old fashion dial for temperature setting.  If you look on their web site this fryer is no longer there.  The one that they sent me is there instead of the Dual Zone.  When the fryer worked, it did a great job, however it didn't work very long.  I will be using my new one tonight to fry some fish and french fries.  My guess is that it will work as it should, since they got rid of that stupid Dual Zone control.   
We purchased the DeLonghi based on its ease of cleaning (4 of 5 parts can be placed in the dishwasher).  After the third use, the plastic part that holds the heating element in place MELTED off the base.  DeLonghi service was apologetic, and promised to send a replacement part ASAP, although the part was out of stock.  That was in September, almost 6 months ago.  Parts are still backordered!  I returned the unit to Lowes in frustration, got a new unit, and it too melted on the First use.  Returned it for credit.  Do not consider this unit.  
After reading countless poor reviews of the Dolce desk and hutch, I was quite skeptical about ordering it online. ... I gave in and ordered the set from target.com. The desk arrived in almost perfect condition (a few smudges in the stain); however, only half the hutch was in its box! The entire drawer (left side of hutch) was missing, the hardware was missing, and the assembly instructions were missing. ... I recommend calling your local Target store to check the Dolce collection's availability (and the parts inside!) before you waste the time and gas to get there. Aside from the missing hutch, the desk looks really great in my home office. 
These covers are not even close to being red.  The are wine or burgundy in color 
This pet chime was a good idea, but I am sending it back.  Sometimes the chime won't ring and at other times it rings on its own and worst of all it starts ringing and won't stop.  Clearly the manufacturer needs to work on quality control 
It stopped working 6 months after the warranty ran out.  According to Sanyo will cost more to fix than I paid.  While it lasted it worked fine. 
I returned the Honeywell 6011i humidifier because the product had 2 defects and the product was very poorly designed.  The 6011i humidifier had 2 defects right out of the box.  The first was that the 6011i humidifier would not run on the High speed setting but did run on the low and medium speed settings.  The second defect was that the cap for one water container had no rubber o-ring seal and the water bottle leaked when upright in its normal operating position.  The fact that this 6011i humidifier had 2 defects says that the quality control for this product must be very low and implies this product suffers from an above average failure rate.  The 6011i humidifier has major design defects that make it difficult to operate and maintain the 6011i humidifier.  The design defects are so major that the person(s) that designed and approved the design of the 6011i humidifier should be shot or at least fired!  The first major design defect is that the water bottles will not stand up by themselves in my sink.  Because of this I must hold the water containers vertically with my hand and still cannot completely fill the water container to the top.  The screw-on caps for the water containers are so large they are difficult for my wife with small hands to screw on while holding the water container vertically upright.  The next design defect is that one cannot at a glance check the water level in the water containers but must pick up the water containers and turn them over to check the water level in the container.  One can see if the water container is empty or nearly empty at a glance, but this is of no use if one wants to quickly see if there is enough water in the water containers to last until one returns home from work or will last through the night.    The last design defect of the 6011i humidifier is that the water containers and humidifier fan housing do not just "drop into place" on the base.  One must use one hand as a guide for the water container and then still fiddle with the position/angle of the water container to get it to seat properly.  This is even more difficult if both water containers are removed for filling at the same time.  I bought this 6011i humidifier to replace a Honeywell humidifier that finally failed after many years of faithful service.  I also selected the 6011i Humidifier because of its many desirable features.  However the positive product features were significantly outweighed by the poor quality control and the poor design of the 6011i Humidifier.  I believe   that a humidifier should be designed for usability first and esthetics second, not the other way around as is the case with the 6011i humidifier.  Thus I returned the 6011i humidifier 
I've had my vacuum for a few years now only b/c I'm too lazy to buy another one. However, I am at the end of my rope. From Day 1 of having this vacuum the belt broke frequently -- and most of the time I was vacuuming on hardwood. If I accidentally ran over a cat toy or piece of string or anything bigger than a crumb, the belt broke. I took to buying lots of extra belts whenever I went to the store. The other day - surprise - the belt broke for no apparent reason. I promptly replaced it and it broke again the minute I turned the vacuum on. I say: NO MORE. I am now determined to buy the best vacuum EVER. I don't care how much it costs!! The only nice thing about this vacuum is the ability to use to the hose/attachments without having to flip a switch; and it is pretty powerful. But that's it. Changing the cannister can be messy and like a few other reviewers, I frequently run over the cord. Something just wasn't designed right there... You've been warned 
I just purchased this vacuum this morning and vacuumed the entire house...and now I am afraid that I have to return it back to the store. It sucks wonderfully, don't get me wrong. The reason why it's got to be returned to Targetland is because of 1. the noise 2. the `dust that flies out of the dust cup when you're emptying it.    The noise is certainly the LOUDEST I've ever heard on a vacuum cleaner. But, I thought, hey, that's okay if you want to be noisy...until I ventured into cleaning the stairs. There's not much of an extension between the cleaning wand/brush and the actual machine, so while I was bending over to suck up hair and debris (what have you) from the stairs' carpet, I had the crazy noise blasting "turbo"-style directly into my ear. (This was done 15 minutes ago, and my ear still hurts).     The other problem I've found with the vacuum is the point that while emptying the dust cup, I am having to actually touch dirt and dust (the entire outside of the cup is coated with it). While pouring the dirt into the trash can, a bit of dirt and dust fall onto the floor...nasty and what's the point in the dust cup if this happens? I had a Eureka Spin Brush vacuum contraption most recently (it died after 2 1/2 years) and I know from that experience that the dirt and dust should not be coating the cup, nor falling to the floor.    So, alas, my friends, I must pack up this marvel and take it back to the store. Mayhaps, I'll have luck with a vacuum cleaner that uses bags (you know, the old-fashioned kind) 
The high-tech commercial cooking surface began to come off at the third use of this griddle. I don't know what Evenheat means in their product description, but this griddle has a hot spot on the left side. I'm in the market for a new griddle, but I won't buy anything labeled Broilking again 
I was excited about getting a cute timer that worked with the decor of my kitchen.  Unfortunately, the timer never worked on the product!  Now I am sad 
I ordered this timer and was excited this was stylish and red to match my kitchen.  This ended up being a nuisance purchase as I have to return it!  It ticks but the bell doesn't ring at the end.  Also, I was disappointed in it's packaging as well as the item itself.  It does not look upscale.  The plastic is not nice but cheap looking and the metal part is actually painted plastic.  If you are looking for a classy gift or decoartor item, look elsewhere!  
3 cups? I don't know where this teeny thing would equal that- not even 3 demitasse/espresso cups.  Amazon really should make the 'See larger image' say 'See life size' (try it)... or better yet show something for scale- like 10 coffee beans- the amount it holds.  So, I'm already kinda down on this Liliputian trinket and I check instructions to see if I can heat the water in the microwave- like I do with my other 'real size' French press (without the top).  No, nothing saying that should be a problem...  2 minutes later the rubber bottom mat is burning furiously in my microwave !  I'd hope Hugo had a 'BonJour' because I certainly didn't.. 
Was very disappointed in this comforter. While it is heavy like I had anticipated, it is not soft in any way shape or form, it is like newspaper, it crackles on the bed and makes noise all night long 
I bought this griddle under the impression that it was non-stick - it is everything but that.  I only cook with butter (no sprays), but that does not matter.  Even with butter the eggs stick every time.  Even pancakes stick.  This is the worst grill I have ever used 
I've own my X3 for about 2 years now and overall, it has been used to make one double espresso daily. So when it stopped working a month ago, I was heartbroken. Called FF, after some back and forth I sent the machine in for repair. The cost of repairing it is about $200, incl. the shipping. Add that to the $499 I paid for it and this turns out to be one very expensive machine.   After several days of back and forth with customer service, I still don't know what exactly is not working in my machine. Apparently, there are 3 items that have failed, one being the thermostat, a washer and something else, that CS was unable to explain. I really liked the machine when it was working, so I gave it some serious thought of shelling for repair, but at the end decided against it - I rather purchase a new Rancilio Silvia.  When I called the CS with me decision and asked them to send the machine back, I was told that on top of the $12 shipping there will be a $13 handling charge for packaging the machine. I refused to pay that and the rep turned outright nasty. Long story short, I finally got them to send the machine back with just a shipping charge, but that was one very unpleasant experience. It is a whole another issue what additional damage they might have done to my machine after the nasty fight I had with them.  I really liked the X3 when it was working, and I would love to have it back, but it is just not cost effective at all. What is really confusing to me is that with the low usage my machine had and the maintenance I provided, it has 3 parts needing replacement - if this was a good quality machine, it should have worked a lot longer without any problems.  
I have purchased several espresso machines and sampled scores more, francis francis being my first.  This machine is better than the 200 coffee maker labelled as "espresso" machines but marginally.  If you are a serious espresso drinker you know that the quality and cutting of the bean and the quality of the machine are equally important.  Focusing on the machine for a moment. You need a machine which extracts the coffee at just the right pressure without burning the coffee.  A truly good espresso is characterized by a thick golden crema on the surface and almost syrup like consistency without a burnt aftertaste.  This machine simply does not develop the pressure required to extract that golden crema from the coffee beans.  The espresso extracted is thus poor in taste.  If you are going to spend 600 usd on a machine shell out another thousand or so and get a good quality commercial machine by faemea or elecktra.  You will need to compliment this with a commerical grinder for best results. The cheap pods really limit the different beans one can try and the  cutting of the beans are fixed 
The larger of the bowls was broken when I recieved it so it was not packet very well. I have used the smaller bowl and loved it. 
After a couple months, the humidity became stuck at 20%.  Even holding it by my humidifier didn't help 
I also have this fountian in black. I get a orange slime on my filter and the white residue on the slide part. I agree it is hard to tell if the fountain is dirty. The filters do not seem to last very long either. I have not even owned this for a year and the motor has broke. Now I am attempting to find a motor to replace this one. I do not reccommend this color at all! The fountian has been fine until now, but it shouldn't of broke down already 
Petmate makes a great fountain, but their black model should be discontinued.  It is impossible to tell if the water is clean by looking at it.  When I went to wash this fountain, like I usually do every couple of weeks, there was a purplish color slim growing by the pump and the charcoal filter was covered with it.  I think the pump motor might have been leaking (I'm not really sure). If I had their white fountain I would have noticed there was a problem with the water right away 
It is soft and feels sooooo good!!! BUT the Burgundy sheeds like a cat it is all over the floor, my hair, the red fur is every were!!! I only get one pillow cast and one sheet like  thing !!! I have 2(two) pillows please! in the photo it looks like two of every thing!! Help me here!!  where is the other one? 
FIRST OF ALL ADD WAS DECEIVING : Product Description New! Non-Slip Cascading Hangers Hang up to twelve shirts or blouses, eight skirts, and eight slacks in the same amount of space it takes to fit a single hanger! Store more clothes than ever imagined in your closet and free up essential drawer space. Use separately or hook together. Non-slip coating keeps clothes on the hanger and off the floor. Durable, chrome-plated. 12 Shirt Hangers 8 Skirt Hangers 8 Pant Hangers THE LAST SENTENCE MAKES YOU THINK THAT IS WHAT YOU ARE ORDERING. ALSO, VERY CHEAPLY MADE. 2 WERE BROKEN IN THE BOX, ONE BROKE WHILE HANGING SOMETHING UP. I ENDED UP SUPER GLUING THEM TOGETHER. I DID NOT WANT THE HASTLE OF SENDING THEM BACK. BEWARE OF THIS PRODUCT!!!  
The Skinny Grill Satin Black came in chestnut brown and brokken to pieces. Still waiting for some relief in terms of a credit. I feel like the guilty party ,even though all I did was give them my hard earned money and trust that they would deliver a product to me. So far...computer form replys! 
this unit is smaller than i was expecting; it is 11" tall and 5.5" in diameter.  i have it in our small bathroom at the moment because it was too small to affect the humidity level in the 120 square foot room i had originally put it in (i have a hygrometer in the room to measure its humidity and this unit did not affect the humidity level in 24 hours).  i doubt it is adequate for our tiny bathroom.  it seems like it might be adequate for a not-too-humid closet.  it says it removes 16oz. a day at 86 degrees Fahrenheit, but whose house it 86 degrees?  in our humid bathroom it  sucks up a mere third of an inch a day; i guess it performs better in a warmer space.  
I wanted a humidifier that was silent, but when I plugged this in, not only could I hear it from the other room, but it's a high-pitched whine. I don't know what to do about it. I think I'll probably just return it for something different 
I am looking for a remote trainer for one of my dogs. Amazon's listing says this Innotek trainer comes with a "lifetime warranty." I've read that batteries can be an issue with remote training collars, so I decided to review the owner's manual to learn more about the warranty.  [...]  The last page has a section entitled "Lifetime Limited Warranty," which states ". . . INNOTEK brand products will be free from defects in material and workmanship, under normal use, for a period of one year from the date of the original retail purchase."  The "lifetime warranty" apparently expires after one year!  Further on it says, the company "offers several product exchange options during the warranty period. . . . Costs are dependent on the processing time."  This suggests customers will incur fees for warranty repairs even during the one year "lifetime" warranty.  The next paragraph says "After one year from date of original retail purchase, we will repair, replace or upgrade your product at a fixed rate based on the component."  What will these repairs cost?  This leaves me with a big question mark about buying a collar from Innotek.  What, if anything, is warranted for a "lifetime?"  If the lifetime warranty is really only for one year, why call it "lifetime?" And finally, what will repairs cost, both during warranty under their "product exchange options" and afterwards under their component-based "fixed rate?"  My specific concern is that the collar contains a rechargeable battery. The manual does not indicate that this battery is user-replaceable. Does this mean the user will have to send the collar to Innotek to replace the battery and, if so, what will it cost?  I have contacted Innotek through their website and will report back if I get a response. Until I do, I've got to rate this product with only one star because of the warranty.  Can anyone comment on warranty claims to Innotek 
The add said it would seperate small berry seeds.  The holes on the smallest grate are about 1/8".  You could fit 20 seed through one of them.  Very disappointing 
I got these knives as a gift. Ironically, the first thing to rust was the part of each knife stamped "Stainless Steel".   Let's be realistic. These knives are cheap. They're thin and they're not well weighted. However, they say stainless steel, and you figure that that's what you're getting. I hand-washed these knives and dried them immediately, but they still corroded.   Now comes the bad part. I wrote to their customer service department twice and didn't hear back. I finally got their address (from the post office) and sent them back the knives. It took three months of me emailing and calling them (with 15+ minute wait times for Each Call) to get them to send me a replacement set.   The replacement set rusted in about two weeks. That was in September. I just got off the phone with Miracle Blade, a call during which I was interrupted so many times that I actually had to say "I'm going to finish my sentence" so their rep would stop talking. They won't refund my money. In fact, they won't refund Anyone's money after 30 days. The lifetime warranty is for replacement only. They'll send me another set of soon-to-be-rusty knives, of course--if I pay the shipping and handling...Again. I asked the rep for his full name, for his ID#, and for a manager, and he refused all requests.   In summary, if you buy these knives, they will rust. You will want to get rid of them. Your only option will be the garbage can 
I think this may be a great product, and is why I bought it. However, mine NEVER worked (and hence was never actually used, it was just taken out of the box!)The remote would beep the collar but not spray. Seller did have manufacturer send new batteries (which further delayed my getting a good response to this situation). New batteries arrived, item still didn't spray, but seller would only refer me to dealing directly with the manufacturer, to get a replacement, even though I responded within their advertised 30 day return policy. Please read seller information and return policies CAREFULLY! Even if you get them to take something back (only if never opened...if opened and doesn't work, they toss you to the manufacturer), there is a 25% RESTOCKING FEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Pretty exorbitant and not Amazon type service I have come to expect over many years of buying from Amazon! Be very careful of sellers that are not Amazon...sometimes it isn't very clear it is not Amazon. My feedback on Seller is on feedback page and seller responded, but I don't get a chance to respond to their feedback, which gives the misconception that I actually used this product! I couldn't have used it as it didn't work! If you want to buy this, I'd recommend a reputable pet store such as Pet Smart where you can easily take an item back if it doesn't work and get a refund. Even if they are willing to replace something, you may not want to risk having future problems with it in a month or two and would want a refund, which most stores have no problem with doing for you. Next time I go the established pet stores 
When I bought these pads at Amazon last year, a 50-pack was $11.99 -- now its $26.99! Does anyone know why this happened?  The pads themselves are fine and work beautifully with the pad holder, but I'm protesting against this price 
Nice Looking, but not easy to move.  The bar at the top isn't smooth and it hurts if you try to move the stool with one hand.  Also, it arrived with the top plastic piece broken on one side.  Disappointed.  Not worth the trouble of returning 
I have two Great Danes who love chew-treat toys. Especially KONG. I brought the Everlasting Treat Balls Home and they both were able to pop out the treat within 2 minutes! They enjoyed the treats- but the expensive plastic ball is useless. I will be returning this product tomorrow 
First, the item came with a manual marked by the previous owner.  That can be overlooked, but the grinder was horrible in its grinding ability.  I may have just as well bought a blade grinder in that the grind was dust and chunks, no matter what setting I put it on.  Horrible to say the least.  I sent it back and purchased a new one, which I enjoy to this day 
The unit is hefty and nice looking but that is about all nice I can say about it. The grind was no better than from the $20 burr mill it was replacing. On the third use the motor burned up. I also had problems with it making a mess when removing the jar -- such a defect should never have left the factory since it is so obvious 
I liked the price and all the different stitches.  However, I needed a sewing machine that would handle many varied things, such as alterations and heavy sewing.  I'm very disappointed in the lightweight quality of this machine.  The needle threader never worked and on close inspection my husband found that a tiny hook was missing that was supposed to hold the thread.  Also, the food feed stalls, jerks and surges.  This machine has beautiful stitches, but is for lightweight sewing only 
In my opinion the reset problem and occasional burbling are not problems. My main beef is it's too hard to clean. A few weeks after replacing the filter the deposits start adding up. It has to be cleaned basically every time you refill the tank. Soaking in vinegar doesn't do much and requires a lot of vinegar as the entire bottom reservoir must be filled. The (phosporic-acid based) cleaner sold on the website is slightly better but in the final analysis you have to resort to hand scrubbing. And there's the hitch! You can't reach parts of the element, not even with a toothbrush. Why they couldn't center it just a little further away from the edge of the "wall" is beyond my comprehension. I spent more time last winter with the thing taken apart & trying various methods of cleaning than with it running. I wouldn't buy it again 
This "nifty" piece of machinery was the one choice at my local store and so, I got it. I really wanted to get the Air-O-Swiss one but alas, it cannot be found or shipped to Canada... weirdly.  So far, I am less than impressed. Took me forever to even get it working. The constant resetting is tiring. I did find a solution (initial anyway) - you fill the tank but also fill the inside reservoir (where the round filter is) and then it works.  The noise it makes is NOT easy to get used to, no matter how tired you are.  I am trying it for one night, then if I can't sleep I will return it. It's not worth the money. My advice? Save up and get the Air-O-Swiss 
Too bad I didn't come here first, at epinions nobody had the reset problem but I sure did. It's too bad too because this thing is a technological marval... except it's defective from the very start.  My water is somewhere between hard and soft but more to the soft side. I read that using distilled or water with no mineral content will allow the boiler to boil less and therefore not trip the automatic shutoff.  I now quote from the review of a Sunbeam on this site:  "A vaporizer only works well if the mineral content in your water is "ideal", so you may have to make simple adjustments if the water doesn't boil (add salt), or if it boils too rapidly (add distilled water). This will prevent "spurting", boiling over and overheated reservoirs."   The problem is it is ridiculous to buy a water distiller for a unit that already has a good filter in it already! The unit boils like the bejesus on low, putting it on high pushes it over the edge and it shuts off with the red blinking "reset/refill" light. I tried 4 times and even called tech support (they were pretty clueless, are you listening Bionaire?).  It's really a pity too because the humidistat can be placed away from the unit and it wirelessly communicates to make sure the room is evenly humidified.  I think the problem is that the water does not go high enough in the tray and you can't tilt it to fix the problem (most warm mist are designed that way for some reason 
Total rubbish. Wood was scratched on top, corner was smashed, water damage on the shelf, and door was cracked. It is really irritating to spend an hour putting this tv stand together only to find it is too thrashed to use. The holes were not even lined up properly with the dowels making it quite difficult to put together. Extremely shoddy craftsmanship and apparently no quality control. To add salt in the wound, the crumbly styrafoam packaging got all over the living room and I had to spend a good bit of time vacuuming and sweeping so the dog and the baby would not eat it. If you like taking chances and do still want to buy it, it's probably a 50-50 chance that it will be damaged. 
I like this type of opener very much, and wanted to replace another similar model that had lasted a year before failing.  So I opened the package, and tried to open a bottle of wine, but the corkscrew would not lock.  I'm not even sure I'll send it back given the warranty hassle, shipping costs, etc, given the price.  I just can't recommend this brand to anyone 
I bought this particular lever corkscrew because I read a very favorable review in Consumer Reports.  It is all metal which is necessary because the lever action actually puts a lot of stress on the gears, the guide and the frame.  After about 50 bottles the pin in the guide started wearing and the screw no longer entered the cork along the axis of the device making it harder and harder to use.  I actually fixed this a couple of times but then the frame actually broke at its thinnest point.  End of story.  
A collegue of mine raved about it--she has several of the smaller model in her home and brought one in the office.  I tried it for a day, but was not convinced either way.  Then, I bought the largest model, and tried it at home.  I used it exactly as written in the instructions and put it to the "acid test".  I used it in the toilet room, closed the door, and let it sit there for 8 hours.  When I inspected the room, I could still smell what I smelled 8 hours earlier. And I so wanted it to work!  The other thing that bothers me is that it is supposed to make the odors undectable to the human nose, but even the manufacturer does not claim that it actually removes the source of the odor (as does a HEPA air filter) 
I bought the four pack of these pillows and kept finding the pillows thrown in other rooms.  My husband informed me that he hates the pillows.  They are not soft, and are crunchy and loud when you lie on them.         
After I read stories about problems chlorine causes in the shower chlorine I got this filter.  It turns out most water systems are using chloramine now, a more stable additive, instead of chlorine and this filter, like most, is ineffective at removing chloramine.  See if your water system uses chloramine and save yourself an expensive filter that probably doesn't work 
The problem with this is that (as it appears to me) VillaWare has tried to cut corners by re-using all but the plates as it has on it's Panini Grill (which for the record is an excellent product - which I have given rave reviews).  Check out the Panini Grill - unless you had these products in front of you & were able to open them up, you'd never be able to tell the difference between them.  I would say, don't write off VillaWare products just because of one poor one, as I said I also own the Panini Grill & LOVE IT!!!!!!!!  However, don't waste your money on this one - I hope VillaWare does right by their respected name & pulls this off the market completely.    One thing I will say, the "audible warning sound" that was mentioned in a previous review is actually a click - the same as the Panini Grill, but listen carefully or you'll miss it 
I bought this for my cat a few months ago, because he just loves playing with a laser pointer. The whole concept of this toy was great but they should've expanded their ideas a bit more. For the size of the toy you would think that it would point further out than it does. I'm not sure about others but most cats I know like to run back and forth a room chasing the laser, maybe even jump up the wall. As opposed to with the Bada Beam that just goes in a circle, reversing its direction every once in awhile. My cat never avoids the laser pointer, when he sees that red light he jumps right up! But with the Bada Beam, he will just sit and stare at it. The whole point is so that you don't have to hold it and let the cats go crazy! NOPE! It's one thing for me to be disappointed, but it's clear that my cat was more disappointed. 
I had this vacuum for about a month.  The suction was so bad that after EVERY room I had to empty what little dirt was in the canister just to get back some suction.  I hated it!  Not only that but the bagless was a pain!  I had to go outside everytime to empty the dang thing because it was so messy!  Not to mention that trying to get the canister out and back in was the hardest thing ever.  It made even more of a mess trying to get it out and in!  I did not want that in my house!  I absolutely hated this vacuum 
This canister vac might be ok for VERY light duty, but don't expect it to handle any "real" housecleaning.  The filter clogs easily and this item is very prone to overheating, which leads to long waiting times because it turns off when it gets too hot.  If I had it to do over again, I would not purchase this vac.  I would save up and buy a better canister vacuum 
I wish I had read some of the reviews for this product before I bought it.  I was SO disappointed with the quality of the product. The sheets are extremely rough, thin and scratchy. The comforter required restitching because the original stitching looked more like a basting stitch and came apart as easily as one. Since Thomas the Tank Engine is such a popular character, I would have thought more effort would have been put into the integrity and quality of products bearing  it's trademark. As such, I am very reluctant to purchase anymore character bedding 
I often have to mix by hand, things always end up dry and grainy.  Might be partially my fault - maybe I should try adding the ingredients as it's mixing.  It makes a REALLY huge mess.  My mother and I both bought one, but I told her to return hers, it wasn't worth it 
The Hoover Floormate was great the first two times we used it.  Along with the Old English it did a great job cleaning and picking up the solution.  After using it twice, it had difficulty dispensing solution from the Reservoir.  This was remedied by having to apply downward pressure constantly.  It still got the job done.  Not too long after that it wouldn't vacuum the solution back into the unit.  I got a great clean for the price divided by four uses.  You do the math.  I'll stick to the "cheap" clorox thing we pulled out of the closet after I put the Floor ex-Mate into the trash.  Very disappointe 
 I WOULD RATE THIS ITEM -0- STAR BUT IT IS NOT AN OPTION.  THERE ARE TOO MANY STYLES/MODELS. IT IS VERY CONFUSING. CHECK ITEM SPECIFICS CAREFULLY TO AVOID GETTING THE WRONG STYLE/MODEL.  THIS VACUUM HAS STATIONARY BRUSHES. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND PAY THE DIFFERENCE FOR THE MODELS W/ SPIN-SCRUB 
I was pleased with the way the Hoover cleaned my floors, except that I had to empty the containers too many times.  After using it for 3 or 4 weeks, I realized that it is scratching and scuffing the floors and they look terrible.  I hope I can return it because I can no longer use it.  Terry Sit 
STILL CAN'T FIGURE OUT WHAT THIS SCISSOR CUTS ..............IT SURELY IS NOT POULTRY, OR MEAT OR FISH................I WILL HAVE TO TRY IT ON PAPER BUT THEN I DIDN'T NEED ANOTHER PAPER SCISSOR !!!!! 
We too have the same issues with this that everyone else has mentioned.  We already had to trade it in after using it only once because of some sort of electronic malfunction on the espresso side that just made the digital screen blink on and off, nothing in the troubleshooting guide fixed the problem.  Now a month after using the new one, its espresso pump is loud and noisy, sounding like its broken. Also for some reason or another it won't send the water all the time through the brew head to make the espresso.  It ends up going into the overflow container to be dumped out. But then wait alittle bit and it starts to work fine.  Its been going for the last couple of days, but its such a iffy thing. On the plus side it does look nice! And it does make a good tasting espresso when it does work! My husband does agree with the directions are hard to follow, but he says that about everything 
I bought this item brand new and in hot pink colored (caught my eye). Flashy, small & cool looking! However, it contains 1 LED light which is bright but not wide spread. So when reading it lights up only the center of the page. You will have to constantly reposition it to keep from straining your eyes.  The constant bending and reposition will affect the fragile wiring on this thing.  About 10-15 uses after buying this product, I noticed a flikering (very annoying).  It slowly worsens the more I used it. In fact, I put the thing away and haven't used it again b/c of the annoyance. Thank goodness I didn't pay much for it. Value for the money is about a "7" because you get what you pay for.  Spend the money and try something else with more than 1 LED in it. My next bet is finding something with a real light bulb in it or maybe I will just annoy my husband at bed time and read with the lights on : 
I'm terribly disappointed. The feed chute is tiny (barely big enough for two fingers), the tray above the chute doesn't hold anything (most things fall out), clean-up is a nightmare, and it takes forever to get a usable glass of juice.  Stick with a centrifugal juicer like the Breville Elite 800, unless you enjoy torturing yourself 
Yes watch out, pls always try to read review before buying. Its true the picture is deceiving, but what I don't understand is why Amazon keep using this picture 
Had this grinder for 8 months.  Two large cracks have formed in the side of the unit, now they are widening and trapping lots of coffee grounds.  I'm tossing it and getting a different brand.  All form, no function 
I found at a housewares store (Bed Bath &amp; Beyond or the like) a shot glass with several different units of measurement: fluid ounces, teaspoons, tablespoons (in half-tablespoon increments) and ML's.  Much more useful than this product, especially if you're measuring for weight loss purposes and can have EXACTLY two and a half tablespoons of that salad dressing 
I just threw this item away after finding the filter clogged with hairy, dirty, black and green mold again! I changed the little bulb that is supposed to prevent mold and the filter often. Each time I changed the filter, I found it clogged with mold!  I have never had a problem with mold with any of the warm mist humidifiers I have used for years. This was just plain awful 
This thing worked like a champ, impressed friends, and lasted all of 6 months...and then, the plastic screw that attaches the handle to the grating drum snapped.  Cheap, Cheap, Cheap! and at $20/per...definately not considered disposable!  Look elsewhere.  The Zyliss will be my next purchase and I will leave feedback. 
Bought this at Target, returned it the next day.  Not even close to the quality of B&D T-R-O's from even a few years ago.  Summed up in one word, 'cheesy' is the appropriate descriptor 
I'm sending it back immediately. No where in the description of the product did it say it was plastic, and I don't feel I should be charged for return postage 
i tried this thermal coffee press - delighted to see it was 1/2 the price of other thermal coffee presses - but in this instant you get what you pay for 1) the coffee doesn't stay as hot as a regular thermos 2) when you press the grains down to the bottom they leak back up into the thermos and your last cup of coffee looks and taste like mud 3) its these times that you wish you bought the item in the store because now i have to pack it back in its box and send it back 
My wife and I are tired of cleaning up after our 4 cats. Though the Catgenies are terribly expensive to purchase and to keep stocked with Sanisolution and granules, it would be worth it for more free time and a cleaner basement. Unfortunately, they just don't work.  Becuase we have 4 cats we bought 2 Catgenies. Even with 2 of them it was more than the machines can handle. Even when we ran them right after the cats made their deposit the impeller was never able to grind up the turds properly. They clogged everytime and beeped incessantly.  Another problem is the scoop. Even though it scoops 3 times for every cycle, it always left turds behind. Those turds would then go through the whole cyle, which includes drying. That means that, even if they're scooped up the next time it cycles, they're going to be so dry and hard they'll never be ground up properly. Again, this results in clogs.  We had them for a little over 2 weeks. In that time we had to run extra cyles, backflush and even take them apart and clean them.  This product results in far more work, not less 
I pre-ordered this right after I saw it on "I Want That Tech Toys" and it finally arrived just after Christmas, after nearly five months of waiting. The first few days had serious set up issues where the water wouldn't drain. My cats were interested in watching it but since the water wouldn't go out they were not interested in using it for its intended purpose. I had it sitting next to their Litter Maid and they wouldn't use the new box. Their excessive use overwhelmed and burned out the Littermaid motor so it had to be thrown out. Now, with just the Cat Genie I hoped they would adapt. They did not - they pee on the floor, poop on the floor. Finally one of the four was willing to use the new box... then it stopped draining and even that one cat would't go near it because it was full of water. I am at my wits end, plugging and unplugging trying to reset it. I have made two attempts to contact the parent company who makes these with no return calls or emails. I am very tech saavy, we have lots of robots around here... roombas, scoobas, spotbots and others so this cat genie was ideal but I guess it isn't ready yet. 
I bought this toaster and a B&D coffeemaker (that's no longer available because it sucked!) on the same day back in December 2005. They both died a week apart, the toaster giving up the ghost just this morning when the slide would no longer stay down.   Maybe B&D makes nice power tools, but they're batting a big ZERO with me in the kitchen small appliance department.   
Thinking this would be an excellent gift for Mr. Electronics Geek/Light Sleeper, it became a pretty big joke (and embarassment for me) because some of the sounds that come out of this thing sound like a circus or a dying Speak N' Spell. Don't bother - buy the sound screens used in medical offices, etc. for half the price. They're so much better 
We got this for our new baby.  We loved it until tonight... it just up and died and I've only had it 19 days. Taking it back tomorrow 
This dispenser has a strong resistance and makes it difficult to pull back the lever with the thumb.  When it closes, it tends to leave behind a drop of syrup that can run down the side 
Just purchased this toaster and it is being sent back.  Even on maximum setting, it hardly toasts.  We tried different breads, different settings and it just doesn't work right.  We even tried toasting (on maximum) one lot of bread (not good) and followed it by another lot of bread (better, but not adequate)on the theory that it was warmed up after the first lot of bread.  Forget it.  On the up side, the toaster looks good.  But for $80 it should toast better than my old $9.99 Black and Decker!! 
The packaging hadn't been so pathetic. The tiny pieces of styrofoam, that failed to cushion the fridge during shipping,  led to a fridge that arrived leaking coolant. The cooling part of the unit had come dislodged from the frame, and one of the pipes was broken and leaking. PLUS there was no crisper drawer included. I won't be buying a replacement from Sanyo!! 
I paid too much money for this tea kettle to drip from under the spout and spit water all over the stove before it even whistles.  This is a disappointment!  Save your money and search for a better kettle.  This one isn't a good buy or a good produc 
Got this tea kettle for a gift recently.  It's discontinued on Amazon but they sell it at Home Goods for $ 24. 99.    PROS ~ * Asthetically pleasing (looks pretty) * Removable top for wide area to fill with water AND makes it easier to wash * Removable whistle (I can't stand the sound of a whistling tea kettle, so I remove the "plug")  CONS ~ * It'd be nice if the tea kettle had a flip up "plug" on the spout instead of the removable one (I'll lose it eventually, the other Le Creuset models have the flip up "plug" that opens with a press of the thumb) * The poor design of the spout is dangerous.  No matter how slowly I pour the boiling water (even with the small amount I use, only 4 or 6 ounces at a time), a few tablespoons of water "blub" out very quickly - sorry I can't think of a better descriptive word.  The spout opening is WAY too small, but the width of the spout itself allows more of a flow of water, so the first few tablespoons GUSH out.  So when you pour the water, do it as slowly as possible, put the mug on your counter or another surface that won't get ruined when wet, and don't hold onto your mug as you pour the water because the "blub" of boiling water will burn 
I have probably seen hundreds of tea kettles by now and still love the look of this one the best.  Only problem is that they RUST!!!  I had mine a few weeks when I noticed the rust spots on the interior.  I don't imagine the enamel could have been chipped on the inside of the pot, so it must have happened simply because I leave water in my tea kettle at all times.  The directions that come with this kettle say not to do so, but any serious tea drinker like me knows that's unrealistic.  I threw mine out and am very disapointed that something that cost so much money didn't last long at all.  I thought Le Creuset was supposed to be really high quality but I'm officially disillusioned thanks to this tea pot 
I ordered this thinking it would be great for grinding up "big people food" for my grandson.  It could not even grind up a soft hot dog!  We kept trying softer and softer foods to see if it would be able to grind them but since the blade is a cheap plastic material (painted gray to look like metal!) it just couldn't do the job.  Sheesh, I mashed up a banana faster and better than this grinder.  Total waste of money.  Also, my husband tried to put the handle on the carrying case and it snapped right in two.  Junk 
Coffeemaker just quit yesterday makes cold coffee now unable too use. got a three year warranty and lasted three months. Biggest waste of money yet. Now call customer service get a busy signal last 15 minutes. never buy another hamilton beach product. 
My Lab mix had the rope detached from the tennis ball material in less than 20 minutes.  In the same time, she'd broken some of the individual strands of the nylon rope, so if one thing hadn't broken something else would have.  Not durable, not recommended 
I tried this knife at Sur La Table at the Furi demo. They appeared to be very sharp. However I did not like these knives for the following reasons  1) I dont care much for the cheap plastic-like orange handles   2) The finish on the knives appear to be cheap. Furi implies that these knives are made in Germany. However they are cheaply "Made in China". Now generally I dont care that much .. everything is now made in China anyways.. But when I am paying so much money for a product, I was hoping it was made in Germany or USA.  3) The case is even more cheaply made.  Personally, I would wait for a sale on the Global or the Wustof knives 
We ordered this for a spare fridge and it would be a great size, but the first on came and it was damaged. It looked like it had been dropped. Then I called Target. They did great taking care of getting us another on. Only the second came today and it was also dropped from a truck. The back was dented and it was already rusting. so I think we will try some where else for this item.   
After about 10 days from date of purchase, only 4 of the 8 cups would cycle. I would have to push the On button, get another 2 cups. After 5 or 6 tries I would finally get all 8 cups through. The design is bad for left handed people. It's very hard to pour water in left handed without it going out the back overflow slot or too far forward on to the plate. The lid is a bit of a struggle to screw on and I would rather have a thumb operated carafe than this screw to pour lid. Overall not a good design. I got my money back and am bought a Hamilton Beach Brewstation which I think is a great coffemaker. 
Cute bookshelf -- looks goods and serves its purpose. However, the tips of it that screw together break really easily.  We were using it at trade shows where we put it up and took it down once a week; it only lasted through 3 shows.  Two tips snapped off the last time we unscrewed it, even though we put very little weight on it when it was in use, and NO weight or funny angles on it when unscrewing.  Probably would work well if you never plan to take it down, but I'd question how much weight it can hold over a long period of time 
I was tired of replacing wires on my old cheese slicer every couple of years.  The blade "bends" through a block of cheese.  It doesnt provide a straight cut.  
Amazing that in 2005 you can read review after review on Amazon about the poor quality of almost every toaster offered. We hoped this one would be an exception. It was, but only in that it may be the poorest of them all. Ours buzzed loudly whenever in use. Never had a toaster buzz before. We toast bread at least twice a day, and the toasting performance of this unit is horrible. It has no bagel setting (which toasts the cut side more than the crust side), so we ended up with one side burnt and the other barely starting to toast. What's more, it toasts completely unevenly. One corner of toast will be blackened while the far corner will barely be tanned. And it's really annoying when a 4-slice toaster does not allow you to operate the heating elements independently. As far as looks go, De'Longhi did just as bad a job. The photos look cool, but the crumb tray this unit "sits" upon is actually wider than the unit itself, so there is a big uneven gap at the seam. It's the lower line you see in the photos--but they make it look real nice for that! What you don't see is the other side of the toaster where the bottom crumb tray will be sticking out several MM from the side of the toaster rather than being flush as shown. This makes it look broken, like two pieces of something that no longer fit together. If De'Longhi had spent even a second thinking about this, they would have done the opposite: The bottom tray should be slightly smaller than the toasting unit, which would give the unit a seamless look rather than a busted look. (We even went to a store [yes, a real store] to confirm that they are all like this, and they are.) Also, the bread warming rack is another poorly designed element. There are 4 tiny plastic feet inserted into the four metal posts of the rack so it doesn't scratch the metal surface of the toaster. However, two of the feet had already fallen out during shipping, and though they slipped right back in, all four of the tiny feet can easily be removed or fall out (only friction holds them in) and you WILL loose them very quickly--especially if you ever wash the rack. We're happy to pay extra for a quality item--even a toaster--but we expect something in return besides utter dissapointment. Final advice: Stick to the $20 toasters with functions such as bagel, defrost, and dual controls. If it's ugly, keep it under the sink and only take it out when you use it. This one looks broken, performs poorly, and costs a lot of money. If you do buy this model, maybe you'll get ours...we returned it 
I used this item twice-the second time I had one sweatshirt and one sweater on the rack & it broke into 5 pieces! Waste of money 
What a piece of crap. Just putting this together broke it. And was missing one of the snap parts. Truely a waste of money 
This thing basically self destructed the first week.  The handle pieces wouldn't stay together and when I pushed down on the handle to tighten the pieces together the base fell apart.  Not worth the money!  I was very disappointed 
Once in a while the coffee side of the machine will spew steam out the back and I will get a half of a pot of coffee.  The big problem with this piece of junk that the coffee maker was under a cabinet and the steam was ruining the kitchen cabinet.  I say this is $199 down the drain.  I have never had problems with a coffee maker spitting steam out the back and no water dripping into the pot.  Stay away from this garbage.  I am not even interested in contacting Krups for any warranty repair because it is not worth it 
Searched for a long time to find a good quality espresso machine that didn't cost over $500.  We had a great workhorse Krups combo espresso coffee machine that was still working after 15 years.  Was hoping this one would be the newer, more powerful, fancier model.  Boy are we sorely disappointed.  The coffee part works fine.  Unfortunately the espresso part leaks all over from the gasket and doesn't even produce hot espresso.  I exchanged this once, hoping I just got a bad one but apparently the Krups XP2010 is designed badly.  Shame on Krups for releasing a premature, untested product 
The LCD display do not work right line are missing from the display.  
I'm not happy.  The filter needed changing one day out of the box.  We have soft water so this should have lasted a while.  Difficult to hang on to when filling, have to hold it like a baby.  Does put out the air though and fits about anywhere 
I have just used this spinner for the first time in a long while.  Now I remember why I avoid it.  It is nearly impossible to get the top and spinning basket to mesh and at the same time get the top with the handle to fit onto the bottom part.  The very few times that all has gone together and stayed long enough to get a good grip on the bottom, the greens have come out nice and dry.  Otherwise it's an exercise in frustration!  I hope that mine is "defective" or something because otherwise I must say pass this one by and find a different design or model AND TEST IT IN A STORE before you buy it 
I bought this item because other comforters from this seller had good reviews, but it was a complete mistake!  It really was dingy like described by other reviewer.  I returned it, but lost over twenty five dollars in back and forth shipping costs for this item.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND AGAINST THIS PRODUCT OR SELLER 
I really wanted this cereal dispenser to ease the morning rush. Unfortunetly it is just messy,annoying and takes up counter space. When you turn the nob it crunches the cereal and much of it flies in every direction. If the cereal is too big (honeycomb size) it doesn't come out easily. If it is too small (fruity pebbles) it comes out too easily and gets everywhere! I definetly would not buy this product again. At one point I even had ants crawl up my counter into the dispenser and had to throw all the cereal away. The time saved by not getting the box of cereal from the pantry is spent cleaning cereal of the counter 
Zero best describes how well Amazon supports what they sell...great deal on this toaster absolutely. And it does a nice job on toast but after using the left side twice it stopped locking down so now we have a 2 slice toaster. Amazon just takes your money and runs, giving the standard answer that you have to take it up with Krups. Krups to their credit at least will look at the problem and repair or replace it IF they determine it is a warranty covered problem.....unfortunately you'll have to box the item up and ship it to one of about "Krups Service Centers" around the country to see if they fix it or not, at your cost - shipping cost more than the toaster did.....save yourself the aggravation; go buy your toaster at Walmart, Bed Bath & Beyond or someplace that will at least swap it out for you without all this hassle 
Probably have bashed this product enough, but it is insulting to still see &quot;Sturdy lid and side handles for improved grip&quot; advertised.  In no time at all, the handles broke off like peanut brittle; glad I wasn't carrying it around the kitchen. No wonder no one carries replacement handles. Don't know what's better, but sure won't try Rival again 
Loses grip on can and the can slips off ...bad product. Do not buy 
This product does not work. The dial just moves randomly. Please tell me who to contact for a refund 
I was excited when I read the great reviews for this product, but I was very dissapointed when I received it.  I wanted this because I live in an apartment complex where I have to carry my laundry some distance to the laundry room.  I thought it would be great to just be able to wheel it over with this.  However, when I tried to put it together out of the box (it requires complete assembly), though it is simple to put together, not one of the small screws that hold the top bars on to the unit fit!  All four will go half-way in and no further.  Perhaps I got a faulty unit, but I see it falling apart soon because of this. Also, the bag itself seems flimsy.    I was also happy when I read that this rolls quietly, however, they must have been rolling it on carpet because out on the concrete walkway that leads to the laundry room, it is extemely noisy - I ended up carrying anyway so as not to disturb my neighbors.  The only thing this unit has going for it is it looks nice and holds a surprisingly large amount of laundry.  If you are just using this in your home, it might work well for you, but if you need to take it out to a laundry facility, go with something else 
Don't make the mistake of thinking your dog could play with this.  It's to large.  Would be great if they made it smaller for dog 
I purchased a Krups thermal replacement pot for an electric coffee maker.  About two weeks after I bought it, I made coffee one morning only to discover the coffee running all over the floor.  For no apparent reason, the glass inside of the thermal pot had completely shattered.  I will be returning the pot this week 
I also had the surprise and joy of having my carafe's glass lining explode. The carafe had a little over 1.5 years of use, and I never used any sort of abrasive on it.  Note that for the price of this replacement carafe, you could pay for most of a whole new coffee machine 
Hey, I wasn't expecting much but seriously, these are a pretty bad.  I bought two of these for my office.  The plastic shade comes all dented and looks so cheap.  The stupid pieces don't fit together right and so if you move it,  you have to pick it up from the base or it falls apart.   AND the switch gets stuck pretty much all the time so that it's really hard to turn it.  I'm the kind of person who enjoys fixing things so I've taken it apart and tried to fix it and its still rotten.  The second lamp is just completely broken now after only 6 weeks.  SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!  I'm back on amazon looking for new lamps actually : 
I have been a homemaker for almost 20 years and I have a lot of experience peeling vegetables...I am fast and have rarely cut myself.  However, I bought this peeler during the holidays and a few days ago I cut myself so severly with it, I thought about going to the hospital.  This peeler seems to slide over the food quicker than others I have used and so it some how gives me an &quot;out of control&quot; feeling with each thrust.  It is also extra sharp.   I can't recomend this unless your fingers are made of stainless steel as well 
I bought these candles in the store.  When I got home, I set everything up and lit the candles.  In less that 30 minutes, all 5 candles had burned to half way, and the strings the medals are on had caught on fire too.  The entire thing was on fire (a big fire).  I was able to blow it out, and take it outside to the trash can.  I have bought Target candles before, and love them.  I am not happy!! 
I bought this for my mother a year ago, and I was recently looking for a vacuum myself, so being a person big on checking reviews on items before purchasing, I asked her how she liked it. She said she liked it, and thought it worked well, and loved how light it was (she suffers from rheumatoid arthritis). So... needless to say I went out and purchased it, trusting mother deartest's opinion.  I HATE IT!   I just moved out of my house, and I had to clean (vacuum) every room in the house. It took three times the amount of time it would ave taken a regular heavy Hoover vacuum to do the job. One sweep for a normal heavy vacuum turns into thirty for this piece of s*** just to pick up some damn crumbs.   Also, you have to clean it out every five minutes because the filter gets covered so easily, after only vacuuming about half a room.  It WILL NOT suck up hair. Rather, it gets tangled in the wheel, and looks like a thirty year old hairbrush that was never, ever cleaned out. Hence, making it harder and harder to pick things up (not that it does to begin with).  It's loud, time-consuming, and the biggest waste of money.  The only thing it has going for it is its weight, which is highly overshadowed by how much it sucks anyway.  OH... AND I've used this product ONCE. ONCE! One time of use pretty much was all it was worth. IF THAT.  I'm taking it back... and throwing it at them.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PEOPLE!! 
If you read between the lines on the other reviews here, I think you'll see that everyone thinks this thing is junk. And their right!!! No matter how small the job, it won't do it. It's just one more "MADE IN CHINA" piece of junk that I've wasted money on. It won't suck anything off hard wood or carpet floors. I don't get how any company, let alone a well known vacuum company, could sell such a usless tool. My only question is how could anyone give this thing two or more stars?? 
First off, I paid $25.00 for this at Walmart, so I would suggest going there first if you decide you want this light weight vacuum. At the time of this writing Amazon is selling it for $54.00.   Secondly, it works fine for the amt of money I spent. Thirdly, my biggest problem is the thing is so LOUD that in order to use it, I will have to put ear plugs in.  Seriously,this product makes about as much noise as a fire alarm!! I have an email in to Eureka.com because their 800 number did not have this vacuum as an option on their automated voice mail and I was disconnected for trying to reach a human being to speak to 
The item is not packed well for shipping. The drawer and top were cracked. When I called the number on the replacement part, I was told did not have the replacement. They gave me a number to call for Target, THEY in turn told me they couldn't send it and told me to call the number I had just called.  UNREAL trying to get this fixed. I am going to have to pack the WHOLE thing up and return myself. NO HELP IN GETTING THIS TAKEN CARE OF. 
Very hard to put together, drawers came broken both times- cute though- not at all sturd 
I dont see the point in this, the Mighty bright LED light lasts a lifetime because it uses L.E.D. therefore you will not need replacement. Besides that the product photo of this "replacement bulbs" show ordinary light bulps, not LED !! 
I was very unhappy with how the product worked.  It squirted all over.  It only made the adhesive gummy.  And you could smell the petroleum.  Our waste disposal company would not even take it and I had to take it to a landfill site for them to dispose of it 
People who complain that the aerosol can is empty the next day should listen closely to the product. The one I ordered will leak as long as the mechanism is attached to the aerosol can. I have tried reconnecting it many times, using different pressure as I push down, but to no avail. At 10 dollars a night, this product will get very expensive, very quickly. If it had worked without the leak, I would have given ssscat 5 stars 
I loved it until it broke after using it for a day.  Now when I turn it on the sound will not turn off.  If it actually worked correctly I think I would have given it a better rating 
I purchased two units--one for our home and one for our vacation home.  Within a few days, the unit at home was no longer making good crema.  The water pump at the one at our vacation home died within about 10 uses.  I'm sending both units back and buying another brand.  If they had worked properly, I'm not sure I would have like them even then.  The design of this unit is "odd".  I've had home espresso machines for 12 years and this one is just weird.  If you remove the espresso coffee holder too soon after you brew, the grounds and steam explode all over.  I also suspect that the thermostat is broken.  It allows the water to boil--which does not make tasty coffee.  Overall, I hate this unit.  I'm going back to shopping 
The windtunnel II is a poorly constructed vacuum.  It is less than six months old and the motor for the HEPA filter had to be replaced.  It is very messy when you have to empty the tank.  Dust and dirt collect around the hepa filter and falls down when you are emptying the tank. 
This is the most poorly designed machine I have ever seen. It is continually clogging both filters and the hepa filter becomes filled with dirt quickly causing loss of all suction. I replaced it with the dyson dc17, which is awesome. Do not buy this vacuum 
Giving 2 stars on the suction alone. Hepa filter doesn't self-clean/turn after one use. A lot of dirt falls out from the hepa filter when removing the dirt box or collects behind the the dirt box if you don't pay very close attention to aligning it just right. I really liked how much dirt this thing pulls out of the carpet but it's heavy and dirt just falls out, a lot of dirt, when emptying the dirt box. I'm returning and not getting another after reading the other reviews in here that sound just like my experience 
The vacuum has great suction.  However, suction is the only good quality about this vacuum.  I purchased this vacuum at Sears and got a good discount during their vacuum sale.  But I have gone through 3 of these vacuums and have returned or plan on returning each one.  The 1st vacuum got so much dirt stuck behind and in the hepa filter, the vacuum started making a sound like it was going to break.  The 2nd vacuum had a handle that was assembled badly so with each forward and backward pass the handle felt like it was going to come off.    This vacuum is hard to push.  You have to put the carpet setting at close to high for low carpeting. On hard surfaces the vacuum is hard to push too!  This vacuum has a large dust cup with 2 sections. The small compartment in the back of the dust cup is (1" high X 5" wide X 6" deep) for the dirt.  The large front section collects the hair, crumbs and other larger things you pick up off the floor in your home, however dirt and fine particulate dust is what I collect in my vacuum, and Hoover only gives you that little compartment for the dirt so it gets caught in the vacuum behind the hepa filter.  You spend more time cleaning out the vacuum than you do vacuuming your carpet. Today I had to pick up the vacuum and shake it over the trash can to get most of the dirt out from behind the hepa filter. Even my husband noticed that this vacuum takes too much time to empty and clean out.  Yes lots of dirt falls onto the vacuum when you remove the dust cup and is messy to clean up.  I have tried Kenmore, Eureka, and Fantom in the past. I plan on returning the 3rd vacuum once I get my Dyson I purchased from HSN 
I bought this coffeemaker 6 weeks ago and the burner plate is pealing.I also discovered after I had water and coffee grounds all over,that you have to place the carafe with the handle to the side slightly or it will not drip properly.Hopefully, I can get my money back,and try another bran 
Before I purchased this product, I read several reviews, many of them very favorable. This product was also recommended by the grout cleaning/restoring company I recently used for my tile floors. Imagine my surprise and disappoinment when I discovered how utterly useless this product actually is. It does a very uneven job of distributing the cleaning solution onto the floor, and an even worse job of sucking it back up, leaving many puddles of dirty solution over the entire floor. I literally have to remop the entire floor every time I use it. I've tried other Bissel  products which were fine, but this one is an expensive dud. Don't waste your mone 
I had this blender for 3-4 years and was very unhappy with it. The design is poor (liquids tend to dribble terribly when poured), the motor seems weak, and it is hard to clean. Food seems to get under the metal band around the top and is not reachable. Today, after only sporadic, medium-duty use over the few years I had it, my blender outright died.  I have other Cuisinart products that perform very well, but this blender is a loser 
Looks great in my kitchen but I, too, only use it for shakes & smoothies.  It DOES smell like burning rubber nearly every time.  I used to think something was wrong with it and now I just disregard it.  And after less than two years or making smoothies, I'm replacing the blade & gasket assembly.  
I rate this set very poor.  In less than six months the face cloth has holes in it.  The towel absorption is ok 
I read the two other bad reviews here and just bought 9 of these anyway. I was stupid.  I had bought one in the past and have had it for a few months.  That one is great and has held up after multiple washings.  It is still so soft.  So I just didn't belive the two bad reviews.  I WAS WRONG.  The bad reviews are correct.  I took these new 9 out of the box yesterday.   They are not of the same quality of the one I already have.  They are packed at least 3 different ways.  I think maybe some of them are someone else's defective returns.    I don't think these are first quality.  There are MANY snags.  There is at least one blue stain.  One looks like it was defective and then repaired sloppily. The quality of the construction is not good.  Some are soft, some are rough.  I returned all 9.  DO NOT BUY 
Not up to standard set by other KitchenAid Pro Line appliances. When dessert is frozen will not dispense even with mix engaged, when thawed, dessert turns to near water consistancy. No way to remove dessert other than through dispenser. No control to modulate freezing, either on or off, manual setting. When front comes off for cleaning, retained liquid runs down the front of the machine short of the drip pan. 
I ordered this cereal dispenser for my adult son.  He filled it with raisin bran.  When he turned the knob to release the cereal into a bowl, the flakes of cereal broke up.  Some missed the bowl and went on the floor.  He's going to try putting Cheerios in it to replace the raisin bran.  If it doesn't work well with the Cheerios, I plan to return the item 
we had a heated pad for years that finally played out. it was wonderful. wanting to spend less this time than i did for the first one, i bought this item. i wish i had never put it on the bed so i could have returned it. i was suspect when i opened it. poor quality material. poor bed fit. very very warm on the lowest setting. after 3 sleepless nights of feeling the wires, which are quite large, in my ribs--it had to come off. i had rather be cold and i hate being cold 
Unless you're planning on washing dinner plates only, this dish rack is not for you. Smaller plates (or bowls for that matter) are not secured by the inadequate wire lips ( about 1/8 inch )so they fall flat and then fall out onto the floor because the sides are completely open (3 1/4 inches) . Anything small dumps out of the side opening and onto the floor. The utensil basket has a divider which moves around and your utensils end up laying down in the bottom. I bought this thinking that since Polder has a good name, it would be a good product. I was wrong and Polder should be ashamed of such inadequate design 
Be Aware Before you Order! On Oct. 31, 2006 I ordered two cases of bottles through Amazon, to be delivered from Stacks and Stacks. When they arrived, the cases were only 16 count instead of 48 count. I called Stacks and Stacks and a supervisor was to return my call, I received an email instead (supervisor claimed my home number was a fax). She offered to credit me shipping cost ($18.47 for the heavier weight boxes - the 16 count boxes are only 5.99 to ship)if I wanted to keep the boxes, otherwise they would arrange to pick them up. She claimed that J.K. Adams does not make a 48 ct case. I responded that I wished to return the boxes (I had less than half of the bottles I needed, and the cost per bottle was now more than doubled). I have since written two more times and as of 11/16/06 have received no response, no instructions to return, and no credit to my account. I have filed a claim with Amazon A-Z Guarantee, hopefully this will be resolved soon 
this product does not pick up dirt on laminate flooring at all which was not my impression when it was advertised 
I would rate this ZERO but that option is not available.  The weight of the stainless steel is heavy, exactly what I had expected for 18/8.  However, the top does not affix to the base.  It seems the threads inside of the top do not match with the threads on the base.  Furthermore, the pumper does not work leaving one to pour the liquid from the base.  That's worse than our original situation with the unsightly bottle of liquid dishsoap on the counter.  Yuck!  I do NOT recommend the purchase of this product. 
the sheets say they are sateen, but feel more like basic cotton or flannel.  Since I was really going for that cotton sateen feel, i'm not impressed.   i have a queen sized bed and have not had any problems getting the sheets to fit on the bed - even after washing - as some other reviews stated.  
We received our sheet set and they felt like Sateen, but when we washed them they lost the Sateen feel.  They feel like flannel.  We are very disappointed with our purchase 
I got these knives as a gift. Ironically, the first thing to rust was the part of each knife stamped "Stainless Steel".   Let's be realistic. These knives are cheap. They're thin and they're not well weighted. However, they say stainless steel, and you figure that that's what you're getting. I hand-washed these knives and dried them immediately, but they still corroded.   Now comes the bad part. I wrote to their customer service department twice and didn't hear back. I finally got their address (from the post office) and sent them back the knives. It took three months of me emailing and calling them (with 15+ minute wait times for Each Call) to get them to send me a replacement set.   The replacement set rusted in about two weeks. That was in September. I just got off the phone with Miracle Blade, a call during which I was interrupted so many times that I actually had to say "I'm going to finish my sentence" so their rep would stop talking. They won't refund my money. In fact, they won't refund Anyone's money after 30 days. The lifetime warranty is for replacement only. They'll send me another set of soon-to-be-rusty knives, of course--if I pay the shipping and handling...Again. I asked the rep for his full name, for his ID#, and for a manager, and he refused all requests.   In summary, if you buy these knives, they will rust. You will want to get rid of them. Your only option will be the garbage can 
Very hard to get any actual pepper to come out of this thing.  I just put some pepper on eggs and it took over 10 squeezes.  Imagine trying to grind pepper out for a stock pot full of soup.  Impossible 
This is a nice quality LIGHTWEIGHT comforter. There is a discrepancy right up front in the 'Product details' that lists it as shipping weight '9.00 lbs.' which is not the case at all. After arrival of two of them, we were shocked. When advised seller they replied after many days, said we needed to read the 'Product description' (scroll further down on item) which was different info from what was listed above. They did not update information on this item for customers on Amazon site for 2 months.. thus the 2 stars. I should have written this review earlier.  On the plus side, it is very nice quality, individual pocket stitching to keep fill in place and border piping, ideal for Springtime.  
This was given to us about last christmas to replace our old one... not worth it... a couple months into our ownership of this item, it stopped working properly. The right burner remains on at all times - we have to actually unplug it when not in use because even though the dial is turned all the way down it is very very hot when it is plugged in and turned off. So the right burner remains on hi all the time, and the left burner is either lo or hi, there is no concept of temperature control with this device... if the knob is a centimeter below medium on the left burner then the heat will be very low too low to cook most things... if it's a centimeter above medium it's hot - if you want medium heat to work, good luck. It worked ok until it broke, however it was never especially powerful. I can't even tolerate trying to cook with it anymore, I just go to the apartment downstairs and cook on my boyfriend's mom's gas stove for nice even heating. But a ministove that they are dubbing 'professional' should not be breaking after like, three months 
I bought this kettle in February 2006. I liked everything about it until its automatic ON-OFF switch died recently - only two months after the purchase. Now the kettle won't turn on. It wasn't abused in any way, and these kettles usually last for years and years. The last one of similar kind served me well for 12 years until it started to leak and was replaced with this spanking new Proctor Silex K4070.   I wonder if my bad experience with this kettle was unique? Has anyone else had one with a short-lived switch, or was I unlucky?  
I ordered this item but the platter I received has a completely different flower pattern in blue!  I really wanted the item pictured so I'm not too happy.. 
Not worth the high price.  Difficult to clean and very persnickety.  Comes with a bunch of sensors that, if not properly triggered, keep it from roasting.  Not long after I bought it, I couldn't get it to start without jamming a pencil in one spot, and now it doesn't work at all.  When it works, it works fine, but it doesn't always work nor does it last very long.  
I ordered a Tailchaser for my cat before and I had no problems with getting my order but not with this one. Its been over a month and I still havent received the 2nd one I ordered!  I will never order from them again 
I ordered the 5 piece ble set on MARCH 18th and still haven't received this. I keep on getting an email that it is on back order and I now won't get it until JUNE 30th. Costumer service is ridiculous, I was told it would take 3-5 days that's why I ordered it. DON't get it, if you need it within one yea 
The can opener does not swing tight and once installed, kept swinging out instead of staying stowed. I bought it because it was so highly rated, but I am very disappointed. There is no magnet to hold the can lid either. Although it was intended to save space, it is kind of a clunky eyesore 
Read the info about this product carefully.  This listing is not for kitchen scissors, but rather poultry shears.  Chef's choice does make the 8" kitchen scissors in the picture, but that is not what you will get if you order these.  I had these on my wishlist and my brother ordered them for me for christmas.  I am now returning the poultry shears to amazon 
The machine looks great. It sat nicely on our counter-top next to the Kitchen Aid mixer and looked really classy. If that was all I wanted to do with it, then I would have been very happy with it, but I actually wanted to make decent lattes and espressos.  Firstly, I found the steamer wand to be awkward to use. It rotates, but has little movement up or down. As a result, I found it pretty impossible to steam milk without spilling some on the counter-top when I was finished. It produced good foam though.  Secondly, the indicator lights are so dim I found it difficult to tell whether the machine was ready or not.  Finally the espressos I made had no crema at all. I have been making them for 3 years with our current Saeco machine with a delightful crema on each one. After pulling the shot it continued to leak water from the filter holder. The machine was constantly leaking water & steam when it got up to temperature and the design of the drip tray is such that it is awkward to empty it without spilling everywhere.  In summary: If you just want a pretty machine to sit on your counter, buy this machine. If you want to make decent espresso-based drinks, don't 
First off, this machine LOOKS great.  But unfortunately, that's where the attraction ends. You see, I too used a little Krups $45 espresso machine for years. But it was a heck of a lot easier to use, and made consistently better espresso/cappucinno than this dog.  Here's a brief synopsis.  The reservoir holds enough water for just a couple of days.  I'm constantly refilling it.  After making an espresso, the thing leaks out coffee drippings for minutes on end, making a mess of the whole machine.  The steamer seems to spurt out as much water as it does steam.  The lever that dispenses the steam does not move in a fluid fashion. And positioning the coffee holder pod thingy is downright cumbersome.   Did I mention the thing leaks? Now you might forgive the little bugger if it made amazing capuccino............... it doesn't 
I really loved the look of the lamp, and it went perfectly in my living room for a reading light next to my favorite chair. Two days after I bought it, it broke at the place where it screws together on the pole. I returned it, and actually considered getting another one just because I liked the looks of it so well, but ended up just getting a refund. I was pretty disappointed, and am still looking for a lamp to replace it 
The detector was simple enough to use, although it required alot of batteries(8).  But the results were mixed.  Urine markings were faint and hard to distinguish from other organic substances. Even in areas where I knew there had been an accident, it was difficult to spot the difference.  All in all, I generally wouldn't recommend this.  (Although it did clearly show a distressing amount of what I believe is mold in the bathroom.)   
these sheets feel like sandpaper....they didnt fit my pillowtop either, thankfully, so i had to return the 
While the wine pourer works as advertised I am disappointed that the company appears to have discontinued the wine stopper I was originally seeking.  I was after the pourer that came with a "flapper" at the top that acted to preserve the freshness of the wine in between tastings.  While the above item fits the bill as a spout I personally find it useless 
 The pump broke within 2 weeks and I haven't been able to find a replacement.  It would be under warranty but I threw away the paperwork (my bad) because usually I keep everything and then it just clutters up and I never have a problem.  However, I still think the product should last a little longer than that!  I purchased mine at petsmart and we live too far away to return it although I had tossed the box, etc 
The sheets and comforter in this set are very scratchy and stiff and you can see right through the sheets.  I would not recommend the set, very poor quality.  I don't even use the sheets on my son's bed because they seem so uncomfortable 
After reading the reviews on this product I thought it would be a great space heater for my apt.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  It barely gets hot - even on the highest setting - and gives off almost no heat!!  Perhaps mine is defective or got broken during shipping, but it was a huge waste of money.  I have had to go out an buy another space heater already.  It is so frustrating.  One word - don't! 
Worst set of sheets I've ever owned.  Washed them, and put them on the bed directly out of the drier:  The fitted sheet ripped at two different corners 
The image in this product is misleading. It looks like this product contains more than 1 piece, but when I opened it I got only one piece which is very small size and also the quality is inferior 
I've had a lot of problems using this, my sister has one and loves it! but for me, it leaks 
it seemed like a great idea at the time,but it does not work at all.... simply the grass isn't growing,it only made the water in the fountain dirt 
This towel start falling apart after one wash and a tumble dry on low--one inch strings were sticking out all over the surface and little balls of frabric (like dust-bunnies) formed on it too.  Perhaps it would be good to use as an oil rag, but not in one's bathroom 
The product description for this is wrong!!  There is a somewhat "hidden" zipper but for some inexplicable reason, the lining is sewn into the cover so you can't separate the two. 
After buying an aluminum I read about the leaching of the mayerial into the food and the health risks involved. I was advised to spend the extra money. Since this is a stock item, I took it to Wal-Mart and traded it for a 6 quart Stainless. Boy was I surprised that a whole chicken does not fit as I used to have a sixx litter European and a whole chicken fits just fine. Anyway, I can't recommend this, because of the material and because of the size. If I could afford it, I would go for the electric pressure cooker with at least an 8 quart size of stainless - Cuisinart or other brands check Amazon around $150 and up. You get what you pay for 
What a failure!  Seemed just right for a simple way to make a quick single brewed cup of coffee. Small, low profile and uses little space on the counter. The science is so simple and established that I figured there could be no problems.   Wrong, it cannot deliver more than 6 ounces of water through the system, even though the water well holds 12 ounces. If you drink more than six ounces (smaller than a juice glass) of coffee, this is not the unit for you.   The well is filled with 12 ounces and the machine starts to brew. Good. Then, about half way through the process (VERY slow) it simply stops. I used my own 12oz mug  which fits well but the pot seems pooped and just keeps on heating the water without delivering it through the plumbing. I have "plunged" the small water hole in the bottom if the well with no results.   I've tried it five times, wasting coffee and time and it simply doesn't want to work.  I'm planning to use it for a planter. Small cut wildflowers will look nice. For coffee, I'm going to a real working product.  It doesn't pay to return this item because the time and postage will make it too expensive.  This is junk, pure and simple 
I agree with a previous review,coating does not hold up. Comes off if bumped to hard.has been used gently and the metal is already showing. One thing I would like to know is, what is the highest temp this coating will tolerate 
As far as whisks for non-stick surfaces go, the silicone-encased wires are very flexible--a far cry from the hard, thick plastic whisks with only a few wires.  They are ideal for non-stick surfaces except for one problem.  The silicone is soft and not durable.  After a few uses or getting banged around with other utensils in the drawer, the silicone gets easily cut.  The silicon then easily peels exposing the stainless wire inside which defeats the purpose.  I have been very careful, but this works out to probably $2 each time I used it 
I rate this negative five stars. I just purchased it, thinking, after reading all the reviews, that it was great. What a crock!!!! It's absolutely worthless. It DOES NOT clean the water. It's been plugged in for a whole day and the water is absolutely filthy. The water flows and the motor is running, the charcoal is in place but it doesn't clean the water. I'm better off with a bowl that I clean every day. This thing just swishes around dirty water. Don't waste your money 
I bought this board along with another brand.  This one falls off the sink and is constantly dumping my cuttings in the sink.  It also warped within one month of my purchasing it.  The wood has also splintered.  Not my idea of a good cutting board.  I would not recommend it to my friends, nor would I purchase it as a gift 
It works fine, but my cat won't use it.  I was thrilled with the reviews I read about this fountain and happily set it up as soon as it arrived.  Unfortunately, I like it better than my cat does.  He largely ignores it and still prefers to drink out of the bathtub or a glass.  Oh well.  Before you buy, make sure it's not the sound of the water that attracts your cat. This fountain has no water sound (pretty quite, actually).  I think that's why my cat ignores it 
I bought the previous model of this dehydrator.  I seriously would not even give this machine 1 star, but there is no lower rating.  I bought mine a year ago, used it once, and the bottom heating element burned every single tray that I rotated to the bottom, which you have to do in order to get anywhere.  The entire machine was worthless within a week of me owning it.  I did eat the beef jerky, but that was the most expensive jerky I will ever make!  I called immediately to complain, talked to a guy named Saul, who said the unit must be defective, DUH! and he would send me a new unit and a return authorization.  I have gotten neither, I am just out the money.  I have called back, faxed, mailed, waited on hold, and finally decided that Ronco products are CRAP.  I will never give him or his company another cent.  Buyers please research your purchases, I see from other reviews that I am not the only one with a complaint.  Buy a different machine 
I love the SANGO NOVA BROWN dishware and rate it 5 stars. This boxed set of bowls is just not padded enough for the weight. The slightest rough handling by a shipper is going to result in damage as can be seen in the prior reviewer's comments. Mine too arrived broken. Sure seems like Sango would put a bit more padding between those bowls in the box. Amazon could also do a better job of protecting this item when they pack it for shipping. I sure hope Amazon gets credit from Sango for all these broken pieces. Combined score +2 
This came broken the packaging was not good. Damage good don't make happy custome 
coffee warmer only keeps coffee lukewarm.  so i am still in the market for a coffee warmer 
I bought this pan and to my suprise I had to assemble the handles on the skillet and the lid.  The handles on the skillet were not bad at all but the lid....   Anyway, after I got it assembled, wash, and dried per the instruction manual I plugged it in a began cooking.  It was amazing-my chicken came out beautiful!  Two days later I was cooking and the thing went out on me!  It became cool to the touch. I left it alone for a while thinking maybe I did something wrong-but I was already cooking at a low temperature.  It did not come back on when I replugged it in.  Hence I had to give it back.  I was so disappointed.  I am just glad it did not happen while cooking the feast I had planned for the following week.  Save your mone 
You can hold this in both hands and your finger will only overlap a little.  18 oz's is a LOT of water 
Crystal D'Arques Longchamp Wine glass has  10.25oz, 8.25oz,5.75oz, 4oz, 2oz, 5 different size. They are all look a like and can't tell by picture. I'm looking for my missing set of 5.75oz. I can't buy them without size information.  
I bought this item at my local Target the weekend I moved into my new apartment. The parts are quality chrome, and the wood top is certainly appealing to the eye.  If only the pieces actually fit together to assemble a sturdy piece of furniture.  One of the shelves doesn't fit properly over the four legs, and the finished product sways at the slightest touch. Judging by the glowing reviews on this page, at best, this product is a hit-or-miss venture.   There's a reason it's priced at 30 dollars.  Buyer beware 
I received my Granos as a birthday present two years ago.  As had already been reported here, the machine is great--when it works.  I thought I was the only one who had leak problems but most everyone who wrote a review here reported the same problem. Leak from the bottom and leak from the water container.  I called customer service to report the problem and they sounded like they've never heard of the problem.  They asked me to return the machine but I didn't bother.  A good customer service should have already heard the problem before customers call.  A $600 espresso machine should last more than two years.  I can't believe a company like Bodum is not concerned about its product.  I'm buying another espresso machine and it's not going to be Bodum again 
I purchased this machine in November 2005. When working it is a wonderful but it started to leak within 6 weeks. I sent it back for repair or replacement, 3 weeks later I received a badly damaged box, not the shipping box but the Bodum box. The replacement had a manufactures date of 03/04, 2 years old. It had obviously been used, coffee and water stains were present several scratches, and parts were missing. I called customer service and the supervisor promised they would ship a new one immediately and I would receive it no later than 2/23/2006. Three days after I was promised I would receive the new machine it has yet to arrive.  I called customer service today and was informed they have no record of shipping a new unit and could I call back next week. The very used replacement machine was shipped back last week.  I regret making this purchase  
These are not what you'd expect from Wusthof. The Wusthof symbol on the handle is a STICKER (!!!) which bleaches out after washing. Also, after 1 months use and washing, we're getting rust spots. While these knives are sharp, they are not holding up appearance wise. Very disappointed 
I say nearly useless because the ceramic pot is a nice size and weight for melting chocolate in the microwave (which is what you'll have to do), and the warmer makes a decent trivet...but, it does not ever get hot enough to actually melt the chocolate.  We followed the directions, and allwed 1/2 hour for the chocolate to melt (putting chips in as we started dinner).  Half an hour later, some of the chocolate (on the outside of the crock, by the burner coil) had melted a bit.  An hour passed...still nothing much.  Now, given that cocoa butter melts at body temperature (which is why it is used in cosmetics), that's saying something.   The pot never reached 98 degrees!  If I'd put the chips in a zip-lock in my lap during dinner I would have had better results.  Since this was a relatively inexpensive item, and I got it effectively for free during Amazon's recent Valentine's day promotion, I did not send it back (thinking it would be unfair to make them pay shipping both ways on an item which costs near as much to ship as it does to buy)...but, if you are actually paying for this- don't bother.  (or at least be advised that it will not actually melt the chocolate).  It does do a reasonable job of holding the temperature once you've melted the chocolate some other way. 
I was very hesitant to spend close to $160 on a single fry pan, but I had heard so many good things about All-Clad and thought it would be a wise investment.  For the first 6 months, the pan was great.  I loved the large size and used it often.  I was just about ready to invest in an entire set of All-Clad cookware when my pan warped.  I was using it on an electric stove as usual, and the pan just simply warped.  I was thoroughly disappointed that a $160 pan would warp during normal use.  I won't be spending this kind of money again.  ****Follow-up.  I contacted All-Clad regarding the warped pan-they had me send it in for evaluation, and yesterday a brand new one showed up at my door.  I'm impressed at their customer service and the fact that they stand behind their product.  
It seemed to work when I first got it, but I'm not really sure anymore. When I first got it, I changed the litter and put the Smellkiller right near it. Usually after I change the litter, I can still smell the litter, it just smells clean; this time, I couldn't smell anything. I keep the sponge moist and it still sits in the small area where the litter box is; for the most part, I don't notice any smells, but I'm not sure if that is due to the Smellkiller or because I use A&H Baking Soda Kitty Litter, a 2nd litter with crystals, AND the A&H litter box deodorizer powder.   I suppose it works ok, but I wouldn't buy another one, and I don't think it works the miracles claimed in other reviews. Also, mine didn't stay on the wall either...came crashing down only 1 day after I put it up. Now it just sits on top of the litter box 
This french press made a delicious cup of coffee. The problem is that it is advertised as a "3 cup" coffeemaker. I returned it and will get a larger size 
Riedel's water glass and gourmet glass are both made in France of glass (not crystal).  The stem's too short for wine in my opinion, but you could always use them for water.  The water glasses are more suitable, though, as they have a wider mouth 
Although its description said it is a replacement carafe also for a different model, for which I bought it, it did not fit at all.  I felt it a nuisance to return it, so I did not return it.  But I certainly wasted the money I paid.  I was very unhappy 
Unless you are cleaning the fishbowl, this thing is useless 
This item is for serving only, it will not keep the liquid hot or cold more than 30 mins 
I ordered the product and thought I was getting the large size.  I called the shipper, no returned calls and I can't really use the item shipped as I needed the large item.    How do I return, the shipper doesn't return the calls.  Not a happy customer of this product 
 the fitted twin sheet when I used in my boy bed on corner to rip.....is the worse material use for childrens is SANDPAPER .  The worse product...the only good thing is that my little sleep better with thomas and friends. I recommend thi sproduct only if your boy  is not easy to put it in bed....with thomas can sleep without mom or dad 
I was so excited to get this set in the mail for my son, but when I took it out of the package it felt like sandpaper. I have washed it several times but it is still very rough. Also the first time I washed it one seam ripped all the way down the side and frayed. It was very cheaply made, but my son does love it, purely because its Thomas I'm sure. I wouldn't buy this again 
I was really excited to try this cage out for my 6 lb male maltese.  It is a perfect size and it seemed really well made.  My dog doesn't really like cages and was able to chew right through the zipper seam.  He is NOT aggressive and does not chew things he shouldn't, so to my surprise about a week after my husband and I bought the cage, we found him out of it.  We were truly disappointed.  It is a cute cage and has a very sturdy frame.  If you are not planning on zippering the cage or your dog does not chew through zippered seams, it is a great cage.....but overall, i was disappointe 
I used an avocado smaller than the tool, so I had to uncomfortably squeeze the tool until it'd fit.  Then it kind of smooshed my avocado into slices that were not attractive, while leaving a layer of unused avocado in the shell. It made me realize that it's not *that* hard to slice an avocado with a paring knife... oh well 
After about a month, it started producing cool-mist that smelled funny, like something bad had rotted in the room. The filters are a nuisance. I think I'm much better off with a steam vaporizer 
I'm really upset with this item. I registered for it and when I got it the thing didn't work. I called the 800 number trying to see if I did everything right but couldn't get a live person on the phone. I went and exchange the item and the second one didn't work. Horrible Horrible product and business 
We got this as a gift &amp; used it.....its loud and spits out water.  We're not happy with it 
     This looks like a good idea from Westinghouse, but if you read the warranty details, the krypton bulb is not covered under the 10-year warranty.  $10.00 for a bulb that is warranted for 10 years - but not really?  What is the point?  Extra tape isn't even included when the first strip fails.         I suggest you use a flashlight 
Omie & Izzy are brother/sister kitties about 6 months old. They received this as a gift:  "It's fun when someone plays with us with a chasing toy but we don't play in it much on our own. One of the wires broke already and we've had it less than one month."  
I hate to rate something so low, but my experience warrants a low score.  The larger burner was defective from the onset - the knob turned but the burner remained on, and at full it seemed, regardless of the knob's setting.  I had to unplug and plug in the unit to turn it off and on.  The smaller burner worked!  Amazon was nice enough to refund me in full and even paid for the return shipping as well.  Packing seemed fine too, guess it was a manufacturing defect.  Hopefully this doesn't happen to many others 
Did not work right out of the box. The heating elements did not get hot. So I had to return it otherwise I would be throwing money away.  Do not buy 
Ive had this vacumn for about 2 years. After about a year the spinning brush only goes on when the handle is tilted a certain way. Still has very good power. Bad news, it doesnt move around easy. It is like dragging an old tire around, hard to turn and direct, canister always rolls over. The only reason i am still using it is because i only have area rugs in a large apt, and dont vacumn that often, i guess because i dread using it. I am looking for a simipler unit with a bag because the hepa filter starts to smell after a while. But still like i said, lots of power if you keep the filter clean 
I was very, very disappointed with the performance of the Tribest blender. I bought it to blend breakfast smoothies....nothing fancy....just some protein powder and soy milk. I even bought the larger cup. The unit is very, very under powered. Did NOT mix the ingredients. Had to transfer everything to my larger, more "industrial" blender. Would not recommend this unit for any serious blending. Save your money or put it towards a better unit. This product is a rip off. Does not even do the most basic blending of a liquid and a powder 
The blender I received also smelled as if it was overheating and the tachometer did not work. I am sending it back and will be asking for a refund. This clearly is not a reliable blender 
These are NOT Riedel crystal!  After I returned them, I told Amazon that that need to update the description.  If you read the fine print, it does say "Manufactured to exact specifications of Riedel, Austria".  They are made by some other company, not in Austria, and the quality is very, very low.  You get what you pay for 
Will work fine if you only use a few light coats.  Not designed for a family of four in a colder region.  It's now proped up in the corner as it has lost two leggs and half it's hooks.  Now shopping for a new one.  Looked nice in the oak 
we ordered a cherry coat rack (keep in mind cherry is the only color option available on this site for that item) and it came as light oak.  i tried to get it exchanged, but they were going to make me pay for shipping cause "it wasnt their fault."  i dont know whose fault it is, but i ordered a cherry, i got something totally different, and their "customer service" didnt service me, and wasnt customer friendly.  never again 
Sure, it looks nice enough without anything on it.  But if you plan to actually hang coats and umbrellas on it, pick something else.  It's tippy and it doesn't hold very many coats without the pegs cracking and breaking off.  It's cheap, but you're getting less than what you pay for.  It couldn't last a winter when being used by only two people 
There isn't much to like about these sheets. They wrinkle like crazy when you wash them and the stitching leaves a lot to be desired - hanging threads are all over the place. I would not recommend these sheets at all 
While the pan handle stays cool, the lid handle heats up with the pan.  You need a pot holder to use the cover.  I didn't like that. 
I love the cookware set.  12 pans to do 12 different meals.  They are very durable and holds up well to the heat 
 I was impressed with all the pieces, & liked the pots with short handles. But, when washing the lids, the handles on top get full of water  and have to be sat up for water to drain out... s l o w l e y, before putting them away. Also the metal on the handles has a tendency to get very warm when you're cooking. But, what do you want for 30 bucks?   
I HAVE TWO BATH SHEETS AND TWO HAND TOWELS. THEY DO NOT ABSORB WATER 
The piece seemed a little wobbly in the beginning. However, as time passed it seemed to be straining under its the weight of the 5 lamps.  Now after 5 months, it just gave way, and the stand came apart. Extremely disappointed with the product 
Having had a Hoover in the past, I was excited to find this one at this price.   I've had it only a year and am now vacuum shopping once again - and WILL NOT be looking at Hoovers.  The parts are plastic and cheap and break easily.  It advertised a power hand tool. It is not. It works on air and when you put it to any material it stops spinning. The upright power tool for carpets also stopped working after about six months.  The hard wood floor tool worked fine - and suction was strong enough - but again the plastic pieces break and the attachments don't stay on like they should, so I spend most of my time with the vacuum re-attaching the pieces.  I would recommend looking elsewhere if you want a vacuum to last 
I bought this lid in hopes it would fit on an old revere pot I have. I does not. It is a fine product, but it is too big for my needs. The main failing of this item is that nowhere in the description was a statement of the precise size of the item 
This coffeemaker's design is flawed. But my customer service experience on complaining about it was the best I've received from any company in years. They sent their new thermal carafe model, which appears to have the design flaw with the filter carrier taken care of. Give them a chance to make it right. Customer service is part of the equation with any purchase, and Mr. Coffee/Sunbeam has impressed me on that score 
Christmas morning and the slow, ongoing leak, which we worked around over the last year, finally gave way and voila! hot coffee and water and grounds all over the counter and floors. And yes, we clean our coffeemaker daily, and yes, we know how to properly run the thing too. (We gave up on the water filter soon after purchase--it kept falling into the coffee grounds.) Why the two stars? We wanted to love this machine! We wanted it to work! It is a handsome machine with a handsome pedigree (a Mr. Coffee!). The clock is nice. The thermal carafe is lovely. Until the BIG LEAK, we made do with its daily dribble and sputter. But really, after examining the unit carefully before its trip to the trash can, we realized how foolish we were in keeping this fire hazard going as long as we did. That's why I've bothered to write this review. It is not an inexpensive machine; the quality isn't there. Sorry. 
Had major problems with it leaking and ended up having to get another (different brand). I was shocked and a upset because of the mess it left in my kitchen. 
I almost threw this coffee maker across my living on more than one occasion due to it's extremely poor design.  Mr. Coffee really struck out on this one considering they are a company that only makes coffemakers.  First of all, the water filter device failed after a few uses and would no longer allow water to flow freely through it.  This could have been due to the hardness of the tap water in my area but regardless, it's a filter, it's supposed to be able to be subjected to not so perfect water.  So before i figured out the filter wasnt allowing water to flow I would let it brew and the water would never make it out of the resovoir and would basically just steam up and evaporate.  After the entire brewing cycle I would pull the carafe out and there would be NO coffee in the carafe.  After realizing it was the filter that was causing problems i just simply removed it and didnt use it.  The coffee maker worked for a few days but only if you place the paper coffee filter in perfectly.  Otherwise, the dripping water would cause the filter to collapse and then the grains would run out of the filter, clogging the drain and then voila, you get an overflowed grain basket with dirty, grainy water all over your counters.  I do not recommend this coffee maker for any reason.  Get the hamilton beach Stay or Go 45234 
NO STARS!  I recently have come to find that not only does this coffee maker have all of the defects others have stated, but due to the "leaking" & issues w/ the filter basket overflowing, you may also notice that the water never completely drains-staying at the 2 cup line-causing MOLD & MILLDEW to grow (DESPITE proper cleaning & maintenance).  This is the reason for the "bad tasting coffee" & also the reason for my current various medical conditions...  I am interested in raising awareness so that other consumers avoid the health issues I am being faced with.  PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE ANY MR. COFFEE/SUNBEAM PRODUCTS...  THIS IS THE EXACT MODEL I OWN, BUT NEARLY EVERY MODEL, HAS THE SAME DEFECTIVE CONSTRUCTION & consumer complaints...  Check the Better Business Bureau & Consumer Affairs...  You will be shocked at what you find about Mr. Coffee/Sunbeam.  They have almost gone bankrupt from Class Action Lawsuits, more than once.  If ANYONE has a similar situation with ANY Mr. Coffee brand coffee makers, please contact me ASAP...  My email address is angidougherty@yahoo.com  People are suffering because of this hazardous product & may not even know it...  Toxic Mold Poisoning is very serious & can be deadly.  Especially through drinking it in your morning coffee.  YUM 
DO NOT BUY THIS EXPECTING THE LID IN THE DESCRIPTION! I never recieved the lid described in the description section.  They had a similar skillet in colors for less.   Skillet is a quality weight anodized aluminum. It has what seems to be a high quality nonstick interior. The comfort handle has a good feel and is oven safe to 450 degrees.  CON The cushion handle means you CANNOT use in a broiler. No top browning your omelet in the broiler 
The slipcover barely covered my sofa, will not cover the lower front and it barely hangs over the backside.  It keeps sliding off, where I have to adjust it several times during the day, if I could I would get my money back 
This perch is a great size for a large cat or even two cats together.  It is soft and appears to be very comfortable.  However, the way it attaches is by affixing a strip of velcro to your window sill, which then mates with the matching velcro on the bottom of the shelf unit.  There are two adjustable legs that are supposed to give support as they brace against the wall.  My window ledges are not very deep and so the shelf does not sit level.  The legs are adjusted to fit as closely to the wall as possible, however, mine do not move close enough in so that the legs stay securely on the wall and therefore, do not support the shelf properly.  We have tried putting a piece of folded cardboard under the part that sits against the wall, but this hasn't worked either. So unless you have very deep window ledges, this may not work for you. We bought two of these, but plan on returning one.  On a positive note, my cats love the shelf and took to it right away.  It is a great idea, but this one needs a little better design 
The concept here is good "no tools needed" to install.  The product itself is well made, but the velcro tape does not adhere to the windowsil like it is suppose to, the perch keeps falling down and the cats are afraid to use it.  If there were clips or screws on the perch it would be much better.    I prefer the cheaper window perches because even though they are not plush they do the job and do NOT fall down 
Bought this model. Would not brew a full cup of coffee no matter what I did. Called customer service and they sent me a new one. This one also did not work. All it did was flash blue lights and never brewed a cup. Tossed it out and bought a different model by Black and Decker. Have had it for months and never had a problem with the new model 
Short and not so sweet: First unit did not work at all, Second unit worked for about 3 months, then sporatically, then quit. I should have believed the other reviewers. Going to try the Senseo Supreme unit now 
I can put up with the weight, the noise, the poorly located on-off switch, the spinning brush that is cool but doesn't work. What I cannot put up with is how touchy it is to put the cannister back on. It will appear to be on correctly, but if not, the dust collects in the top part of the cannister and will block suction. This creates an unmanageable mess when you try to empty the cannister. Buy something else, I can't wait for this one to die 
Well after reading the reviews of this vacuum, I decided to give it a try.  I have had it a month now and I have to say that I am sorry I bought this behemoth.  Right out of the box and trying it for the first time I noticed things that I didn't like.  I thought I 'd give it some time though and hoped I could adjust.  Here is what I found:  1.  The vacuum is very heavy as other reviewers have stated. 2.  Worse than the vacuum being heavy, the darn thing is really hard to push.  Even on hard smooth surfaces it's hard to push.  I have not figured out yet what the heck would cause it to have so much drag.  For it to drag on hard surfaces, it must be a design flaw. 3.  The on/off power switch is foot operated.  Not a terrible thing but Dirt Devil decided to put the darn thing out of view and hidden by the accessory carriage.  On my first time of vacuuming I accidentally ran over a sock and it got caught in the floor brush.  While the brush belt was smoking I fumbled around for the damn power switch.  I finally had to reach down and press the switch by hand because I couldn't find it by looking down.  It must have taking me eight to ten seconds to finally turn the thing off.  Unfortunately, the damage was done.  The belt snapped. How nice.  I really liked that.  First time out and the belt snapped. Another note about the switch; there have been times I have had to repeatedly press the switch because it would not lock off.  It takes a firm steady pressure to turn it off.  The fun part of this annoyance is that you think you have it turned off because the motor starts winding down and as soon as you let up on it the motor powers up. Couple that with not being able to really see the darn thing it's a real challenge.  Maybe Dirt Devil thinks we have eyes on our toes.  Hey Dirt Devil here is an idea.  How about putting the on/off switch on the push handle.  What a novel idea. Doh! 4. The vacuum hose that detaches is really unwieldy.  It has a long plastic handle that you hold onto and that makes it really difficult to manipulate the hose.  The main reason being is that the hose it too short.  It's like you are fighting the hose all the time.  It gets tiring. 5.  The detachable hose is really hard to re-install in it's port.  You have to wedge it in there really hard to get the thing to seat.   6.  The vacuum is terrible on rugs, on any of the floor height settings. It bunches up the rugs and starts smoking baby.  My old vac was not much better but at least with the old one I could lift the vac and kind of drag it over the rug and it wouldn't get all caught up.  I tried the same thing with the Dirt Devil and forget about it.  It jammed up every time. 7.  The vacuum is poor at getting dirt off of hard surface floors.  It just moves the dirt around or spits it out the back.  I have to use the hose attachment. 8.  The vacuum is horrible on steps.  With my old vac I could drag the vac across each step whilst the vacuum is locked in the upright position.  Easy deal.  The Dirt Devil does not work that way.  When the vacuum is in the upright position the brush is too high off the carpet to do any good.  The only option is to disengage the lock and vacuum with the back slanted.  One little problem with that.  The weight of the vac cause the seal at the base of the dirt canister to open and air begins leaking.  You don't get a good positive suction.  So, you have to play with the position of the tilt to get the proper seal.  The problem is that the proper position you need is so close to where the vacuum locks into the upright position.  It often locks and so then you have to try and un-lock it while balancing this heavy behemoth.  It's a joke.  The only half easy way to do steps is if use the detachable hose and attach the power brush.  The only problem with that is you are fighting the ill designed hose and heavy vacuum, and not to mention that the brush attachment will only really get surface dirt.  If you try putting pressure for some deep cleaning the brush stops.   Now for Pros:   1.  The vacuum does seem to get the carpets pretty clean.  It has good suction and it raises the carpet fibers right up.  It almost makes my carpet look like new, and I do not see an excessive amount of carpet fibers in the dirt canister.  Some vacuums like to just tear up carpets. 2.  The rotating brush attachment works pretty good for removing cat hair off of couches and bedding.    All in all this vacuum was very very poorly designed.  I may just have to donate this thing and buy something else.  I can't imagine fighting this thing every week for years to come or until the motor dies.  Maybe I'll be lucky and the motor will die soon.  Then I'll just throw the darn thing out and buy something other than Dirt Devil.    Steve 
The top doesn't seal so shaking and storing the dressing can only be done with tinkering. Also, the bottle being so narrow it's hard to clean. 
I'd think if I were Dyson, I would recall all of these. Big, Bulky Pricey, and worthless. I thought turbines were designed to spin? It certainly does not compare to the vacuum at all.  Bought a real one for $17 (shiping included) Eureka Power Paw, Dyson should be ashamed 
For the Animal DC17 to be such a great vacuum, I thought I was using the turbine tool incorrectly.  After reading the reviews I realize that there isn't any error on my part, it is the tool that is inefficient.  I emailed Dyson to inquire as how to use the tool correctly and they have never responded. 
We have owned this machine for a little over two years. For the first 6 months it worked as expected with clothes coming out slightly damp due to the condensation method of drying. However, since then, it has stopped drying, such that 5 hours of drying (yes, 5 hours) yields wet clothes. This has persisted, despite 4 repairs, replacing almost every part on the machine except the control board, which I assume is next. Prior to this machine we owned an Equator brand washer/dryer combo which was a disaster: that broke after 3 years. Unfortunately, the LG is probably the best of a bunch of mediocre machines (Equator, Asko, Maber and other brands) available in the US..all have shortcomings as dryers as all use the ventless-condensation method which take much longer to dry and almost all are 115V. The Bosch combos available in Europe, but unfortunately not available in the US, are 220V and thus, dry more quickly. This is not a machine for a family, but rather ideal for an apartment or condo for 1 or 2 people at most. When it worked, it worked well. However, no one should invest $1300 to have it break in such a short time. And no one should have to spend over 5 hours to do 1 load of laundry. If you must purchase one of these machines (for reasons of space), buy an extended warranty 
This unit can only dry HALF of what it can wash, which is not that much.  It takes a total of 4 1/2 hours to do one load of laundry if you only put 11lbs of wash in.  I have a family of five and I am over-run with laudry because of this machine!!  
i am very disappointed with this humidifier and its filter. it consumes about 1 filter per month and if you keep the humidifier off for more than 2 days the filter dries up and you might as well throw it away 
Item worked for one year, three weeks.  Then had widely varing temperature readings, or indications that the oven had reached over maximum temperature (500+ degrees) when oven was set for 325 degrees.  
I bought this and one of their wooden pizza peels. I thought it would be ergonomically advantageous, which it may be.    But on the first pizza I cut (on the Mountain Woods peel), the edge is now folded over a bit, rendering the edge much, much less sharp than out of the box.  So, I would suggest you save your $3 and the out-sized shipping costs and buy yourself a cutter that may last for a while 
I bought this coffeemaker as a gift for my sister and was so embarrassed when she took it out of the box. First, the plastic top is extremely cheap and flimsy, and the whole thing broke off the first time we flipped it back. There was also a grey powder film over the whole appliance. Finally, it is just not good looking at all...extremely cheap in appearance. It did not even make it to the countertop before we had it back in the box and on its way back to Amazon. I went with the Bosch on their reputation for the greatest dishwashers. Evidently, another company designs and manufacturers their small appliances. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!!!! Get the Braun KF550-BK AromaDeluxe instead 
This is horrible at keeping coffee hot. It gets cold quick. Buy another brand. I bought this model and a larger Zojirushi 1.9 liter stainless steel model at the same time. They both are bad and leak heat vapor out like a hissing snake with no off switch. The 1.9 ltr one also leaks fluid out even before you press the open button.  Also it is the worst stainless steel I have ever seen. It stains instantly and for ever. I had another Zhjirushi for more than a decade and it was fantastic. But something has happened over the last 10 years, their quality has really gotten bad 
Not as addd says its just a sheet of material that comes it must be cut to fit and is not ehat one would maybe want to do!  
This vacuum worked the first time I used it, but that was the only time.  With the amount of noise it makes, you would hope that it would be removing dirt from the floor.  However, what it appears to be doing is using its rotating bristles to redistribute the dirt in a thinner more homogenous layer.  If you are looking for a machine to use as a sound effect prop for a jet engine, this is the one for you 
I bought this coffee maker with great faith in the Krups name -- willing to order online without the "touch factor" -- I was sorely disappointed.  WHile the concept seems promising, the actual product is a failure.  The carafe is awkward and you have to fiddle with it every time to pour your coffee.  And, the handle simply came off after just 6 months of normal use (a.m. coffee only).  And there is no way to fix it as the bolts are lodged inside and can't be accessed.  An expensive mistake and to think I'd looked to Krups to solve my problem of having to replace coffee makers every six months or so.  Don't waste your money and I personally will avoid the Krups brand from now on.    
The fan does work fairly well as an intake fan.  However, in exhaust mode (the mode I need), I can barely feel a breeze from either side of the unit.  It simply doesn't work as an exhaust fan.  Therefore, to accurately describe the fan it may be a 2,470 cfm intake fan and it is about a 2 cfm exhaust fan.  I'm returning it.  By the way, the packing slip from "Air-n-Water" states that a 15% restocking fee that applies to all returns.  I am very unhappy with the fan and will be extremely unhappy with "Air-n-Water" if they try to hit me with a restocking fee 
Alas, this had no discernable effect on my cats.  However, the product arrived in good time and in good shape 
I WAS DISAPPOINTED WHEN IT ARRIVED IN PIECES.  THEY DIDN'T PACK THIS WELL AND I HAD TO SEND IT BACK.  I WAS IMPRESSED BY THE FREE RETURN POSTAGE. I DO WANT THIS ITEM AND HAVE REQUESTED ANOTHER.  HOPEFULLY IT WILL ARRIVE IN ONE PIECE THIS TIME.  THEN IT MIGHT BE WORTH MORE STARS 
After 6 weeks of waiting, customer service said it was going to be another 3 weeks!  Forget it!  Cancelled order 
I previously had a chrome wine stopper purchased from another store, but it was damaged by falling into an active garbage disposal, so I bought these as replacements.  The previous stopper had a thick rubber part that created the seal.  The rubber sections on these are so thin that they didn't even seal the wine bottle I first tried them on.  All three stoppers in the set had the same problem.  Oxygen and leakage are death to a wine, so a stopper that doesn't seal is worse than just replacing the cork 
I was VERY disappointed in this item.  I own the Farberware 8 quart pot that this insert is supposed to fit inside, but when I set the insert into the pot, it didn't fit!  The insert handles - which are plastic - sit on the metal side of the 8 quart pot (that can't be good), and the little "feet" on the insert may or may not touch the bottom of the pot.  The ridge around the insert, which I assumed would hold the insert in place in the 8 quart pot, don't fit on any part of the Farberware 8 quart pot! Has Farberware changed the diameter of their Classic 8-quart pot? If I was trying to fit a non-Farberware item into my Farberware pot, I would have had no complaints.  But my 8-quart pot AND the 8-quart insert were both Farberware Classic pieces.  Believe it or not, I had a Cusinart pot which the insert fit, i.e., the ridge held the insert in place, so I'll use it with that pot, but the insert sits some three inches above the bottom of the Cuisinart pot, so when I cook, the boiling water seeps over.  Very very disappointing.  If I'd bought this item from a local store, I would definitely have returned it 
I received this blender for x-mas last year.  It has some nice design features (good heavy base to prevent tipping, measuring cup built into the cap).  However, I experienced the same problems that others here have -- the blender doesn't do well with anything thick like milkshakes.  It just shoves everything against the sides of the pitcher and spins helplessly, forcing you to stop and manual stir everything back towards the blades and restart.  While it worked OK for a while, the cutter unit mysteriously jammed after about 9 months 
2 years ago I purchased these dishes,  I was so happy with them  that I would of given them a 5 star....Until 6 months ago.  All of a sudden my dinner plates are breaking in half (these dishes are microwave safe, and no children) all have broken in the same place... 2 broke when picking up, 4 have broken while microwaving     yet all my cups,bowls,salad,square plates are still in perfect condition.. But without my dinner plates, my set(s) are useless!! 
We've had this set for about 3 years and after about a year they began to chip and/or crack.  They are beautiful and affordable, but they just do not last.  I had two plates crack in half in the microwave.  A mug handle break off as I slowly turned it in the dishwasher rack.  It's too bad because I really liked this set 
One of the plate I bought broken during a 50 seconds medium heat  microwaving, so I doubt it is really good for microwave. When I called Lenox, their rep. simply asked if I want to order a replacement from them as if the bad quality was not their problem. Disguesting. The design pattern was nice though 
I have to admit that I love this set. Especially since I found it hard to find white flannel sheets. Most have some ridiculous pattern on it like snowflakes or snowmen! So when I found these and at this price I was quite happy. They feel great, not the best flannel but nice all the same. But after washing it 3 times within one month the fabric really weakened and the flat sheet tore. Later the fitted started getting holes. So since this was rather cheap I am not horribly sad about it. So if you are looking for comfy warm sheets for one season and then want a selection of rags for the rest of the year for housecleaning, this is the set for you 
I returned this item because it was too big for the Brother ES2000 sewing machine I bought.  It was very bulky and took up way too much room.  The machine rattled inside the case and slipped around. It would probably be better for a larger machine 
Do not bother to buy this sewing machine case.  It is crappy!  Don't be fooled by the "Universal" phrase of this product.  I have a Brother sewing machine so i bought this item. When i got it, i placed my sewing machine and i rattles around inside the case.  I don't see what is so "Universal" about this.  There is too much room inside and my machine tips over to its sides when i lift to carry the case.  It's terrible!!!  I'd give NO star but i don't have that choice on the selection.  I wanted to return it but it's not worth the shipping charge that will incure on my refund due to Amazon's policies.  By then i would probably only get at most $12.00 back in refunds 
I just don't like this item. Got it as a wedding gift and have hardly used it because it sucks, plain and simple. Don't buy. There are others out there that are better. NOT KitchenAid quality here!!! 
I find it hard to give this even a 1-star. Given the price, I really thought this would perform to the praise of the other reviewers. Here's why I am sorely disappointed:  1) the &quot;stainless&quot; steel does in fact rust and corrode   2) the rimmed bottom tray has no drains, no openings, so obviously no incline so water just sits and stagnates, and if you live in warm climates will in fact start to mildew  3) check your water softness, because if your water is too hard it will leave calcium and other deposits which require DAILY cleaning otherwise it will be very unsightly 
I searched for what I thought would be a great dish rack.  This is without a doubt the worst product I have ever bought!  There is nothing stainless about this!  I have had it for only about 4 months and it is already rusting.  It was so not worth the money I paid for it.  I would not recommend buying this product 
We bought a well-reviewed carpet vacuum from Amazon last year, and absolutely love it. After that positive experience, we were looking for something for our kitchen, bathroom and hallway floors and came upon this cleaner.  Starting with the dry vac part, that seems to get smallish pieces of dirt fine, but anything Cheerio sized or larger it pushes around on the floor unless you lean the vacuum back. Which would be fine, but if you lean it back too far, there is a suction filter thing (made for the wet vac part) that sticks and you have to turn off the vacuum and wait about 10 seconds for the suction to release that piece before you can continue. Anyway, the small dirt and dust are really picked up quite well, but if any of you have small children (we have 3 boys under 6), don't have any expectations of this getting up mealtime messes.  Now, onto the wet vac part, which was the main reason we got this. Very disappointing. We used the included cleaner, warm tap water, etc as the directions indicated, and both my wife and I swear the floor is no cleaner than when we started. It doesn't look cleaner, shine more or even have a nice smell that we could even close our eyes and pretend it was clean. Spills or stains that normally take 1-3 passes with a mop are taking 8-12 passes with this machine. We bought this to save time and/or get cleaner floors, and I can honestly say that this machine did not do either.  As briefly noted above, if you have children, do not expect clean floors out of this, and I can't recommend this at all. This product may be suitable for people who have no children, no pets and only small dust particles and light traffic; I just know this isn't our house 
Doesn't whistle as it is supposed to, handle get's very hot (I have a gas stove) 
I have been looking for a good cheese plane, and this one isn't it.  It works fine for rubbery semi-soft cheeses like swiss, but not for harder cheese like cheddar, which tend to crrumble before I can finish a slice.  The problem is that the plane it too thick and rigid.  It should be thin and flexible.  Also, don't let the name fool you.  This utensil is made in China, a country which consumes very little cheese 
The heater works fine, but these heaters can leak oil all over your carpet. DeLonghi would not do anything because it was beyond the warranty period. I will not buy an oil-filled heater again 
I spent about 20 minutes trying to ascertain how much this item cost, but to no avail whatsoever!  I'm so frustrated after such a lengthy, yet futile search that I want to hurt someone!  Instead, I'm shutting down my browser.  You idiots should think about how many more sales you'd make if you just included a price, for God's sake! 
I have four 16-piece sets that I received for my wedding.  They are beautiful plates, but they have a tendency to split in half with normal use - like heating food up in the microwave, going through the dishwasher or serving hot food.    Within 3 months, several plates cracked down the middle, making them unusable.  A large serving bowl also split in half when hot food was added.  I did a search on www.epinions.com and found I wasn't the only person having these problems.  EVERYONE is having these problems.  Plus, it is impossible to find individual replacement pieces.  You have to buy another set.  What a racket.  The clincher is that they are located in Indonesia, so customer service and responsiveness is nonexistent.  I've gotten nothing but the international run-around 
I heard about the lids and hoped that they would be a good alternative to plastic wrap. I even bought two for gfts.  But they didn't live up to my expectations.  The large size didn't even fit on standard size bowls and the small one didn't fit on small bowls.  I would return them except that I threw out the original packaging.  I don't recommend this product 
I am not a coffee connoisseur, so my criteria for a good coffee maker is probably modest. I bought the KA Javastudio because I own several KA appliances and have always been pleased. Although, the KA 10-cup is pricey, I felt that buying a thermal carafe represented an upgrade from my previous glass carafe. I also figured that the wide spray mechanism might mean a richer cup of coffee. I did as much research as I could, reading reviews and looking at available coffee makers in my area. After trying out our new KA yesterday, my husband and I were both disappointed in its functionality and performance.  Here are some points to consider about this product: 1.  The KA 10-cup makes 4 1/4 oz cups.  In other words, if you're looking for 8 ounce servings, the most this will make is about 5 real cups of coffee. 2.  The thermal carafe is heavy.  If you're planning on keeping this on your counter - and possibly under a cabinet, it is a tug to pull it out each time you use it to pour water in the back. 3.  There is no way to figure out the water level in the tank.  The directions say to use the optional white water filter insert. 4.  For us at least, taste-wise, there is no discernible difference between what the KA brewed and what we've tolerated with our old coffee maker.  Good luck with your search for a more perfect coffee maker. 
While cute, this little pan is difficult to use. There's no room to use a spatula, so you'd better like the eggs cooked through - you can't flip for over easy, and the egg white is too deep to do sunny-side up. Also the handle gets hot and the little plastic egg bit is not enough to grip, so you have to use a potholder. Plus, it's so small that it won't fit any normal-sized burner - another burn risk to your fingers 
I received the set in the mail, and immediately noticed that the contents inside were damaged.  I returned the item to Amazon, who issued a prompt refund.  It appears that the persons handling these fragile items aren't very cautious, so I would advise against buying this.  Amazon was great with a prompt refund, though 
THESE RINGS ARE MUCH TOO BIG  AND TOO LIGHTLY MADE FOR EGG MUFFINS AND THE EGGS SPILL OUT THE BOTTOM OF THE RINGS. TOTAL JUNK. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE RING 
I have been very disappointed in this product.  If I could return them, I would.  I purchased this product because a friend of mine has some polycarbonate wine glasses which she has had for several years and that still look like new.  She even washes them in the dishwasher.  I have only had these for about 6 weeks and have only used them about 4-5 times.  Each time I have hand washed them, but they are very cloudy and I am embarrassed to use them.  I would not recommend them 
Never got it to work.  All i get when I hit the on/tare button is "- - - -"  In the trash it goes 
sheets are full of wrinkles after being washed,not as soft as when new,and not the qualiy i anticipated 
The sewing machine, is built very cheaply, does not even sew correctly, I understand i didnot pay that much, but to feel you really are just ripping people off,its an item i ended up throwing out, for it just took up space 
This is not even a toy.  DO NOT waste your money on this item.  Amazon will charge you to send it back which is what most will do if you expect even the lowest standards in a "quick" machine.  Nothing about this machine functions well.  Never got an even stitch or a complete row of stitches.  Amazon should not carry this item, it has lowered the quality of Amazon's products in my view 
This is not a 2 quart sauce pan, it is 2.5 quarts, exactly the same as the one that comes with the se 
Worst product ever...don't know how it passed through initial testing.  When you turn the crank to dispense cereal, it crushes it and sprays it ALL OVER the room.  Awful, just awful.  Too embarrassed to even give it away so put it in the trash.  Waste of money and space.  And we tried dog food, which is too hard for it to crush so it just got stuck.  Really made me angry that I wasted the money.  False advertising.  
I purchased four of these shot glasses. Of the four, one has tiny bubbles throughout, one has black specs in the glass, one has a bulge in the glass, and the last is taller than the other three.  The shape is beautiful, but with all the imperfections, I'd recommend something else.  My most disappointing Bodum purchase ever 
I read the two other bad reviews here and just bought 9 of these anyway. I was stupid.  I had bought one in the past and have had it for a few months.  That one is great and has held up after multiple washings.  It is still so soft.  So I just didn't belive the two bad reviews.  I WAS WRONG.  The bad reviews are correct.  I took these new 9 out of the box yesterday.   They are not of the same quality of the one I already have.  They are packed at least 3 different ways.  I think maybe some of them are someone else's defective returns.    I don't think these are first quality.  There are MANY snags.  There is at least one blue stain.  One looks like it was defective and then repaired sloppily. The quality of the construction is not good.  Some are soft, some are rough.  I returned all 9.  DO NOT BUY 
First off, this is available at the Ewins site for $30, should you decide to plunge.  The construction of the wooden parts is pretty nice, better than what you'd expect for $50, but that's about the only positive thing. The hardware is terrible and they only ship as many as you "need", so you're kind of SOL when the crappy aluminum cams break. I'm sure they'd send some more if I asked, but for now my piece is hanging out, half way assembled because I'm scared of breaking any more of the hardware. Either way, I think I'm going to ditch the cam/bolt paradigm and use wood glue and screws to finish it up.  The instructions consist of an exploded diagram that looks like it was blown up from an image on the web. If you've never built flat pack furniture before you will not be able to figure it out. Even if you have, you will put something together incorrectly and have to disassemble the piece 
It's a beautiful mug (we've bought 2) but it drips, doesn't keep the temperature, it's a nightmare to clean and it's not higienic - unbelievable bad product 
The concept was great. But after only a month or so, flaws started showing. The inserts started bending and warping, seperating at the edges and cracking. I purchased them for my Mother who gave them to my Daughter as a gift. She loved the idea, but will go back to the wooden boards because I don't think these will be around long. And they were not cheap either 
we had a heated pad for years that finally played out. it was wonderful. wanting to spend less this time than i did for the first one, i bought this item. i wish i had never put it on the bed so i could have returned it. i was suspect when i opened it. poor quality material. poor bed fit. very very warm on the lowest setting. after 3 sleepless nights of feeling the wires, which are quite large, in my ribs--it had to come off. i had rather be cold and i hate being cold 
It's fairly cheap looking, but it does the job. The razor holders cannot hold my Gillette Mach III Turbo razor, it slips out 
Ordered this at my wife's request.  She's tried cleaning silver earrings--run multiple cycles--added detergent as suggested.  It just doesn't clean.  An old toothbrush and toothpaste works much better.  A very disappointing piece of junk 
I loved this blender while it was working.  I mostly used it to make smoothies with frozen fruit.  I love that it has seamless buttons so food can't get caught in little cracks.  I rarely used the food processor.  After about 11 months, mine also started to smell like it was catching fire - however, it was the black piece in the bottom of the blending jar, which was basically being "Shaved" by the base motor.  I had to order a replacement "blender cutting assembly" from the Cuisinart website for $15 with shipping, only to have it happen again.  Plus, it was a pain to clean - the base threading didn't match up well with the jar and screwing and unscrewing the base was often difficult.  We've replaced the blender with another brand but I have kept the bottom motor part for the processor 
My mother-in-law and I both had this blender. Hers broke in a couple of months. I was lucky that mine lasted a couple of years. It is a great blender for crushing ice for smoothies/icees, etc., however it has a flaw that the piece that the pitcher sits on when it spins is made out of plastic. It eventually cracks from the heat/friction produced. I bought the Oster Beehive blender to replace it, and it has a metal piece beneath it and I have had it for a few years now with no problem. I am even happier with the Oster Beehive blender, as it is a much better quality blender which will last a lot longer than the Cuisinart one (it was also cheaper), and it crushes ice exactly as good if not better than the Cuisinart blender 
Poor workmanship, rusted inside of chrome cover (is it really chrome with rust on it), very poor construction of the rubber piece and is smells like rubber.I really don't want to smell rubber in my closet. 
Beware! On off switch broke machine would not cut off unless unplugged. The place they recommended based on my zip code still has my vacuum and it's been about 2 weeks. :- 
Heavy machine, looked durable, almost commercial. Put her together and began. Within 5 MINUTES of use the belt for the rotating brush burned up and the brush no longer rotated! Returned it the following day and bought a Bissel that has worked great, was cheaper and weighs less! 
The stool is great as far as it's ability to function.  It is quite thin which makes it easy to store.  It does have a safety issue!!!!! My 3 year old son got his finger pinched when we were adjusting it to push it together.  I almost got my finger pinched as well on more than one occassion.  My husband welded it together and now it remains in the open position thus, no more pinched fingers.  I would think twice before purchasing this one if you have toddlers around.  I was right there when  my son pinched his finger and it was difficult to open the stool back up to release his finger 
If this is in a jade or perhaps brick...other earth colors, let me know. why waste everyone's time with such a lame description 
We got this as a present and had high hopes to actually use it as a microwave. It takes over 7 minutes to warm something up and forget about making microwave popcorn it just doesn't pop the kernals. Overall lots of features but it's the worst microwave I've ever owned 
To us, typical Fiestaware pieces have great design, color, durability and functioning wrapped up all-in-one. We ordered a set of Turquoise Candlesticks and were disappointed because the candlestick openings are very disparate in size and shape and it was obvious if one chose to use candles it would be a task to insert them properly with &quot;straight candle&quot; results.  Even more disappointing was the quality of the color application to the product.  Specifically, the lack of even color application to the scrollwork and edges of the bases plus around the edges of the openings for the candles.  We were sent a replacement set which had even more color variation but the openings for the candles were shaped somewhat better.  We are returning both sets because they are not pleasing to view due to the shaping and color variations.  Fiestaware can have a color variation that is subtle and uniform, a kind of &quot;softer&quot; look in the color application around the rims on plates, for example, and the piece will still look beautiful.  We don't want to pay for a product that is not as pleasing to the eye as the rest of our Fiestaware products far exceed the quality of these pieces 
this item arrived with a broken tank, and 1 week later quit making mist at al 
Checked online comparing many models and purchased one two years ago, worked great all winter. Decided to purchase a second last year year, both worked great all winter last year. Unfortunatly this year neither works, despite cleaning and following all instructions. Guess the quality is put into them just enough to last though the warranty period. Junk, dont buy. 
I bought two of these humidifiers. One for work and one for home. They both broke in the first week 
I bought two of these and within 3 days of each other they both stopped putting out any moisture. What a waste of my time and effort 
my Holmes humidifer was broken (no mist) after 3 months.  I did send it with a check of $7 more than 2 months ago, and haven't receive information from Holmes.  I emailed to ask my case and they tried to fool around. I am desperate!  Very bad product and bad service!  I never buy Holmes product again 
This is a great idea, but I think it might need more tweaking. The reservoir holds a lot of water, which is good, but there is no filter. So any cat hair, stray food, or whatever your 18-month-old might be trying to throw will end up in the bowl. Then it sits there, usually after sinking to the bottom, until you dig it out. Also, with mine at least, you had to fiddle with it and fiddle with it to get any real bubbles to appear. A shame, since the cat really did like the few bubbles I was able to coax out.   If this somehow filtered the water AND made bubbles, I'd be all over it (like cat hair on a pastel couch) 
I bought this unit because the humidity in my apartment on extremely dry days and nights was 15-20%.  The Air-O-Swiss 7135 was rated top by every web site I visisted and researced before buying this product.  It is also rated to work in rooms up to 600 square feet, and the biggest room in my apartment is less than 500.  Well to summerize: - hygrostat consistently says 25% even though my bedside hygo says 15%.  The best I can get out of this machine is 30% humidity according to my own hygostat, as the one built into the unit does not move past 25%. -  the above situation is in the smallest room in my home, which is 170 square feet, so the 600 square feet rating is totally not true.  To close, please be ware that this unit does not work for extremely dry apartments and homes like mine.  The other reviews must be in homes that are already at 30-40% humidity.  This is not worth the money you pay for it.  I will try running it non-stop for a few days to see if it helps, but if not then this unti will be going back.  
I have several other pieces in this collection which I absolutely love. When I was able to find the salad server set at Amazon.com for a cheaper price, I couldn't wait to order it. When it came, I was more than disappointed. The set looked like it had either been 100 years old and was all tarnished (which it is not supposed to ever do), or someone had bought it, tried to clean it with a polish (again, something that is not supposed to be done) and it wore away the finish. I also bought the medium size bowl to go with the salad server set, and when that came, it was all scratched! Needless to say, I returned both for a full refund immediately. Obviously, the cheaper price meant cheaper quality in this case...and it wasn't dirt cheap to begin with, I still had paid $75.00 for it, compared to $150.00 that it is sold in stores for 
Wouldn't you think that the manufacturers of a wine rack would measure the bottles of wine before designing the rack ?   Apparently not, in this case. After purchasing 3 of these racks, I discovered that about 10% of my 200 bottle collection doesn't fit in the grid holes. It was understood that magnums weren't going to fit, which was no big deal. But when over 20 bottles end up sitting on the floor because they are about 1/8" to 1/4" too large in diameter I get a little irritated, especially after paying over $300 including shipping. The overall quality of the product is average.  The racks were not straight along their length and had to be tie-wired together to keep them in alignment. 
I am SO disappointed with this vacuum!  I will say, it does wonderfully for picking up all that dust and little bits of dirt that get into your carpet, but don't expect it to pick up anything that is big enough to be visible to the human eye!  Also, I have a cat - so I have pet fur on my carpet... AND I lose a lot of hair myself, and this vacuum doesn't pick any of that up... I can vacuum, run my hand over the carpet afterwards and come up with a handful of human and cat hair.   It would be useful if you are just looking for something to get the dust and such out of the carpet... it seems to do that very well, though you are having to constantly stop and empty the vacuum, shake the filter out, etc, because it gets clogged VERY fast 
I bought this item about 6 months ago. After 2 months the handle fell off. On phoning the company, they said plastic parts were only guaranteed for 1 month, hence they would not replace it. After another 2 months, the unit stopped working altogether. I then got in touch with the company and managed to speak to a very rude customer service representative, who said I would have to send it to the company and pay for shipping and handling myself, yet it says in the handbook that the company would pay for the shipping. I am truely disappointed with the lack of customer care and the appliance. I do believe I have a faulty appliance but the compnay is not at all bothered to keep its customers happy. I do not reccomend that anyone buy this item, save your money and all the hastle 
I bought this about  two years ago and it never worked very good for me. The handle doesn't stay together very good and it doesn't pick up much. I wouldn't recommend this sweeper to anyone. Don't waste your money on it 
This is a Lemon/Lime Press. The Oranges in China must be real small, so if your planning on pressing Oranges make sure they are small and forget about Grapefruit 
Gaggia used to be the cat's meow in espresso. They have lost the bubble in the last ten years. Many other machines do more, are easier to use, and produce better cups in an easier manner. i still have my old Gaggia, but now rely on a Saeko in my home. The difference is obvious 
It is best to invest a few more dollars and purchase a better item  Light and not providing the warmth expected from this price level.  Feels incomplet 
I was so excited to receive such a beautiful pan for Xmas. However, if my experience today is representative of how this pan performs, I won't be using it often.  The literature which comes with the pan describes it as pre-seasoned, and the recipe included instructs for the bread to be brushed with olive oil but mentions no prep for the pan except to heat it over low to medium heat. On the first try I had some cheese burn onto the pan and the bread seemed to cling stubbornly in spots, though I was able to get it to release with a pancake turner. The scorched cheese was very difficult to scrub off, even with soaking for awhile.  On the second try I oiled the pan and the press and carefully oiled the bread, so as to not have any bare spots. I still had sticking! Ditto for clean up.  This thing weighs a ton, too. It is awkward to transfer off the burner; the instructions warn "lift, do not slide" on a glass top stove.   I think I'll continue to use my non-stick griddle with a cast iron pan on top for a press. That always works great!  
Sigh. Was so excited to receive this item and it arrived today via UPS in pieces. I should have heeded the previous reviewer's warning. Doh! Oh well. Live and learn. Live and learn. Refund, please 
When this fountain is freshly cleaned, the cats love it.  The water does stay cool.  But cat hair -- lots of THAT around here -- clogs the pump, and if the whole thing is not taken apart and completely cleaned with a toothbrush weekly, it grows slime.  Eeeeuuuw.  The first pump lasted about three months, then the replacement lasted about a month. Not really worth it, because the picky fussy cat would really rather drink from the toilet anyway.   
This appliance has several good features, but they are outweighted by the fact that it does not produce a decent piece of toast.  At the lowest setting one side of the toast comes out too brown, the other side barely toasted.  The inner side of the bread toasts faster than the outer side. We did manage to get a decent piece of toast by inserting the bread, setting a timer for 1 minute, pressing cancel, reversing the bread, and slowly counting to thirty before pressing cancel again.  Far too much work 
First of all the item is too small.  it is about 1/3 the lenght of a pair pants and 1/3 as wide.  So as you can see it is pretty small.  So it is a lot of moving around and adjusting which causes previously ironed parts to become wrinkled again.     It does not make life easier.   good in principle but does not work.  
when i first put this on i thought hey i can't smell it anymore.  well that illusion only lasted a day and the odor came back.  i repeated it, letting it dry in between as directed, until the bottle was empty and it still smells.  this just wasted my time 
It doesn't zap the yap of our newly adopted Pomeranian mix.  Although we have seen her jump once or twice and it appeared to be the zap that did it, but it didn't slow her down much.  We did everything according to directions, and even shaved a spot on her neck to help make better contact.  We have used the shock trainer collar on our mastiff mix and it worked extremely well.  I'm disappointed with this bark collar though 
We bought the PetSafe collar for small dogs who bark entirely too much.  It is made of a rigid plastic in a round shape that will not conform to the neck of any of our 3 Maltese.  This particular collar is meant to stay on the voice box area or it won't work.  Unfortunately, because it's rigid, it slides up a dog's neck very easily.  I have worked with fabric and then with foam rubber trying to pad the sides so it can't slide.  Even when I can barely get a bit of fingertip between the prong and neck so that it feels too snug and is also snug on the sides, it only takes minutes for it to start sliding out of position.  A shrug, a shake, or simply walking a few steps is all it takes.  This is a one piece molded plastic unit and for our dogs, is not going to work.  It should also be noted that if you have a nuisance barker who barks at any sound or sight, it may be effective but if you have a dog that barks at a family member, this is NOT a good solution as a shock collar may well result in more problems.  The dog now has another negative association to the person.  Consult a trainer or behaviorist before buying. F. Quall 
I had one of the originals...with the vaneer look.  --Ugly yes, but it was actually very sturdy & well made.  Unfortunately, it got lost in a move.  Then I purchased the newer one.  It just wasn't as good of quality & the latch section cracked on me on the fourth or fifth use!  Garbage!  Pay more $ on a Cuisenart or Delongi...you'll be happier.   
This waterer is a great concept, but does have some drawbacks.  For starters, one of my dogs is scared to death of it and wont come near it because when the water level in the bowl gets low it gurgles just like a water cooler at work.  The first time it happened she was drinking out of it and it freaked her out and now wont go near it.  The other dog is just fine with it, but then again he's deaf, so the gurgle doesn't bother him. lol. The other issue i had with this is just like all water bowls, it gets dirty.  so you still have to clean it as often as you would any other water bowl, but it's a bit more cumbersome having to take the big jug off, clean the bowl and but the jug back on.  So, if your dog isn't afraid of the noise it makes and you don't mind the extra hassle cleaning it, it's great.  Otherwise, just get a large bowl; that's what i ended up having to do 
Disappointing at best  I was truly disappointed in this item. After purchasing it we followed the directions  for conditioning the non-stick grids both before using it for the first time as well as  before each use as listed in the "use and care guide."  It sounds simple enough. Wait for the green indicator light to come on, add the batter close but do not latch the lid. The green light will go off, when it comes back on the waffle is ready. The only problem is the waffles were burnt and were stuck to the lid as though glued in place with epoxy glue. The waffles ripped into pieces when trying to get them loose from the maker and they also tasted like burnt toast crusts.  We said  "Well, OK, maybe it just needs a couple of waffles cooked in it  before they start to come out right."  7 sheets of waffles later they were still coming out as bad as the first.   The price is great, the design is nice, the over all appearances are wonderful but it simply does not work, at least not for us.   I told my wife I would take it back to the store and exchange it. She said, "don't you dare bring another one of those things home with you."   It's to bad too, we both love waffles.  
I bought this cleaner for use in between major vacuuming.  It clogs very quickly without having swept up very much.  It is probably fine for floors without carpet 
I returned the item because it fell apart as I was attempting to put it together - cheap, compressed wood by-products and card board.  Even though I did receive a full refund after it was returned, I would not recommend it to anyone else.  I was able to find a solid wood and better made shelf from another vendor 
The knife is constructed well - as pictured - does not cut very well.  It just was not very sharp.  I tried mincing some vegetables - it just didn't work as well as my $9.99 serrated TV info knife.  I was disappointed 
I am sure there is a lesson in my experience.  I fist purchased the salt and pepper grinding mill balls and found the  salt/pepper did not go where I wanted it.  I also found that in order to get a reasonable amount out of the grinder I had to select the maximum coarse setting and over a period of six months the efficiency became so bad I finally threw them away.  Based on a salesmans advise I purchased the dual grinder thinking my problems might be isolated to the shape of the feed tube.  I am sad to say that I again found it's performance to be a big disappointment 
This pan was a bargain that turned out to be overpriced. I have a number of Farberware pans that have served me well, but this one came out of the box warped. The first time I put it on the range top it was rocking like crazy, with only one strip through the center that made contact. I could return it, but for $10 it is not worth the argument with Amazon about restocking fees. So after one use it is now washed and packed up in the GoodWill box. I would never use it again. 
First of all, it's expensive ($60).  Kitchen Kaboodle sells the SAME EXACT one for $29.99.  I tried to return it to the company and found out they're located in Canada so it was going to cost me another $25.00 for shipping.  Due to shipping, I was forced to keep it.  HUGE RIP OFF!!  It is good quality but go to Kitchen Kaboodle for half the cost! 
I bought myself one of these and used it minimally and was happy.  I then bought one for my daughter.  She used it about 5 times in a little over a year and it quit.  The blade assembly as per other reviews.  It is going to cost about $50. to repair.  Now mine is smelling.  I am using my old 15 year old Oster and it is still working.  Also to my surprise it is doing a better job.  Just not as pretty.  I have KA stand mixer, hand blender, food processors large and small, emersion blender and attachments for all.  Love all of them.  Will buy other KA but not this again 
with an old coffee can.  True it doesn't have the "odor free" aspect, but if you are scooping a litter box there is going to be odor.  I just keep the can by the box and dump it in the trash when full.  Same deal.  
oversized is a big word for these towels and the quality of the cotton used is very low. I washed them once and they already shrank. What is worse is that they keep loosing pieces of cotton. After I dry with them, I have to spend 5 minutes getting rid of cotton bits stuck on my skin. Definitely a disappointing product even for its low pric 
This red-and-white cutting board looks attractive and helps brighten up the kitchen counter.  However, it arrived warped, so that I really can only use one side (the board slides around on the counter when I flip it over) 
I find it more than a bit ridiculous that Pur charges 40 dollars for their product and 20 - 25 dollars for their replacement filters.  I have owned 3 Pur sink mounted water filters and every one of them has ended up in the garbage within the first year of use.  Why?  Because they begin to leak at the faucet connection and this leak grows progressively worse over time.  Tightening the unit does not help and in fact may make the leak worse.  Removing and reinstalling the unit does not help.  I have become so frustrated by Pur water products that I will never again purchase anything made by them.  I just installed a Brita filter on my sink a couple of days ago and no problems yet and even if any do occur the Brita is more reasonably priced at up to 15 dollars cheaper for the sink mounted unit.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this over-priced piece of junk at all costs 
I am totally dissatisfy with this product and this is damn waste of money. Brita base was working for just 2 week initially and now I able to get a water from filter but there is no light glowing either green or red. The base was showing red flash light on end of first week for the first new filter which suppose to come upto atleast 2 months.  I recommed you all... DONT BUY IT 
LOUSY!!!!  The handle design makes the Cuisipro grater extremely difficult to hold.  There is a BIG space between the drum and the hopper and big pieces of cheese fall through. I grate a lot of cheese, and I am sorry I bought THIS grater 
This tool is very poorly made. When grating cheese the handle tended to twist in the hand making it difficult to control and causing discomfort. With medium pressure during use, caused the drum to dent! Returned Cuisipro grater. Strongly dissatisified! Looks good, but a piece of junk 
If you're looking for a car harness that will keep your dog safe in an accident, keep looking... This harness might work to prevent your dog from bouncing around the car and possibly distracting the driver (although I'm not even confident it would hold up for that use with a big, strong dog) but I seriously doubt it would hold up even in a mild collision. The dog is held in place using a few plastic buckles/snaps which are not even very strong-looking-- I have seen stronger snaps on regular dog collars. Plastic snaps like these would not hold up to the forces created in a collision. If you want a safety harness that will protect your dog in an accident, look for one that has actually been tested/rated similar to human car safety devices 
It seems that there is always something crappy in a good design. The pot does a good job perking coffee, but the lid and the glass top are bad and enough to void the use of the pot. I think that Melitta should send out, for nothing the glass top. I am like the other reviews, I would not buy another Melitta product unless they make good on this pot. There is a danger of the top blowing out and Melitta could be in for law suits 
We got this rice cooker as a Christmas gift. We've tried cooking rice in it three times, and all three times the rice has burned. It simply gets too hot. Like some of the other reviewers, we added more and more water, but it didn't help. The cooker finally does kick into "warm" mode, but by then it's too late. We were thrilled when we realized it was non-stick, but what good is non-stick when the rice is scorched beyond edible 
My little 2 years boy is crazy about thomas & friends....his  bedroom was decorated with thomas....but the Drapes is very low quality material looks like drapes sold at dollar stores for $3.99 no soft is like when  you use ironing starch.... i left only 1 start because matching with the bedding! I used only one pair with denim drapes liner under to block-out light....because I opened- package the other set i send back to Amazon. I do not recommend this product ....and if your boy likes dark room to sleep do not buy!!!....I bought Pottery Barn THIN WALE Corduroy panels are excellent light material and block-out light 
We bought the scale for starting Weight watchers but it does not do  weights in fractions i.e. 1/4 lb etc. Also it was not as pictured. The look of the scale(in the photo)was appealing because of the retro look with the red dial, ours came with a black dial which is just plane boring.  Average thought...its just an average scale and nothing more 
I loved this while it worked.  This worked great for the first 2 times we used it.  After that it wouldn't work.  It has a 6 month warranty so I am in the process of getting if fixed.  
I dont recoment you to buy this product. I dont under stand why they made i 
As others have stated the gears are plastic and will fail after 1 to 2 years, and no replacement parts to fix, so the can opener has to trashed 
its a throw. like a blanket. i would have been better off with a pretty cutain to think of it. it would be better than what i wasted my money on.  also dont wash this with anything else. the die leaks 
They sent me a BLUE Hudson Jacquard Diamond Love Seat Slipcover 3 times. I gave up after the 3rd time. What really sux is that they did send the Olive sofa cover!!! So now they don't match!!! 
I bought this for my mom and had it sent to her address.  It worked for two days and then it stopped.  On my last visit I fiddled with it for an hour, but it only worked intermittently.  She didn't keep the receipt so I'm writing it off as a waste of money.  When you think about it the inexpensive Softsoap brand push pump dispensers make more sense.  You can see when they are empty and you don't have to keep up with batteries.  I don't buy the argument that the hands-free dispenser is more sanitary than the hand pumps because after you touch the hand pump you wash your hands 
because just around the 60 day mark, the chime turned into a terrible noise like something dying.  I just turned that feature off and continued enjoying the dispenser, but a month later (3 months after original purchase), the thing is spewing soap non-stop.  Wasted lots of soap this way.  Changing the batteries didn't help.  Soap just flows out until there's none left.  To maintain some customer satisfaction, Sharper Image should consider backing their products with a better return policy or providing some better quality control 
This is the last item I will ever purchase from Sharper Image...it broke the second week I had it...spewing hand soap at will and not when I placed my hand under the infrared sensor.  It's pure crap.  Stay away!! 
I purchased this set of spoons because they are narrow and can fit into any number of spice jars.  I also wanted them because they are hinged and nest inside of each other & take up little space.  After first use, the pin fell out and the spoons became unhinged.  I tried to reassemble and the pin keeps falling out - wouldn't recommend 
The lower bowl part will last forever but the water tank lasts a month outside. Between the sun and cold air, the plastic get weak right away and the slightest touch will crack the top. I have gone through 3 of them. All with exactly the same results. 
A very impressive looking oven. The temperature dial did not reflect the actual internal temperature of the oven by 50 to 75 degrees. Once I got that sorted out, the oven worked well about 20 times. Then the motor started to sputter on and off. Burning electrical odor filled the air and an arcing sound could be heard. While it worked, it worked well. I do not know if the defect is common or rare. I tested only one oven 
I have been looking for one of these for a couple of weeks.  For the price, I thought it would work great.  First, It was the size of a salt shaker (did not read description well enough).  Second, upon first use while trying to apply a coating of powdered sugar on my funnel cake, I thought I was going to throw my shoulder out.  The sugar just will not come out of the fine mesh in the lid.  I had higher hopes for this.  Unfortunately, It is now packaged for a return journey back to Amazon and I am continuing my quest for the perfect funnel cake shaker 
Table came with chipped wood on one leg. When put together, the chip got even worse. The table is horribly unsteady. Would not recommend to anyone. 
Received set and tumblers are not good quality. The edges are quite sharp and the glass still sweats. Would not recommend 
I received the clock in good condition, but, even though I tried several batteries, it never worked. I did not return it because the shipping would have cost more than the clock! It ended up in the trash. I guess you really do get what you pay for 
I grind beans for my coffee every morning. I was using a Krups grinder and decided to switch to this quieter grinder...sold the old grinder in a garage sale. I do regret buying this grinder. It is loud and takes 30 seconds to grind instead of 10. My main complaint is that it is messy. The grounds stick to the sides and bottom and I have to smack it several times to get all the coffee out. I am tempted to purchase another Krups before I break this one by beating the grounds out of it. Also, coffee grounds are EVERYWHERE, I always have to use a cloth to clean up. Not a good buy 
When my Krups coffee grinder finally expired after several years of faithful service, I decided to order the Capresso because of its larger capacity and vaunted &quot;cool grind.&quot;  I wish I had ordered the  Krups instead.  The Capresso takes much longer to grind the coffee, and the  design ensures that no matter how careful you are, you will spill ground  coffee all over your counter.  In the time since I bought it another  reviewer has reported that his or her Capresso broke within six months.  Do  not buy this model 
We purchased this machine for our small coffee shop 2 months ago as in the discription it was said to be for light commercial use. We make probably 20-30 cups of coffee a day. Our problems began the first week after receiving it. The machine makes great froth for cappuccinoes but if you want to have steamed milk instead of frothed it either comes out of luke warm temperature allthough the setting is on high temperature or if you put the dial almost on the line between latte and cappuccino it gives you too much foam, which lattes shouldn't have. So customers complain about their lattes being either too cool or too foamy. We called the manufacturer's customer service and were rudely brushed off. For a small business like us it is hard to close for 2-3 weeks to send the machine for temperature adjustment service, so we had to deal with it. Another problem came up 3-4 weeks later, when the machine started shutting off by itself in the middle of steaming/frothing cycle or frother cleaning cycle. Sometimes we had to restart it up to 5 times to make 1 cup of hot chocolate, just to steam milk. At the customer service we were told to reset the computer by unplugging the machine for a couple of hours, which we did. It did not shut off for 1 day! The next day the problem started again...  I perform every neccessary cleaning or maintenance procedure that machine prompts and cappuccino cleaning daily, so you can not say that the machine is being neglected.  We are very disappointed with this machine. For the price that you pay you would think that at least customer service would be polite, understanding and helpful. Now we are looking for another machine, a back up one, to be able to send Impressa Z5 for service.. 
After remodelling our kitchen, I wanted to upgrade the look of items that would be sitting out. When I saw the picture of the towel holder, I thought it unique with its scroll-work and wouldn't look like everything else I saw. When I received it, the first thing I noticed was that the base had ugly black smudge marks on the area that would be visible. I tried with no luck to remove the stains. The area where the short post attaches screws in crookedly because the threaded receiver was set at a tilt! All in all, I would not trust this company to have consistant quality in their workmanship 
I always buy products from amazon and I never have any complains about any of them. But about this product, I am so disappoint because the lids does'nt fit with the 32 oz. containers. I hope that they fix this problem because is a good way to keep your kitchen organized 
 I bought this as my second fryer. The third time I used this fryer, the oil went up and came out of the fryer then the lid wouldn't close properly and that's the end of it.  Prior to buying this fryer, I had the presto fry daddy for years and it worked fine. 
I made a mistake in buying this item thinking since I had one when I was little it would be similiar.It is not,the edges are stiff and strings are pulling out.The fuzz all over the blanket gets all over your sheets.It is a raggedy sorry substitute for my cozy soft one I remember 
I got them free with purchase of Wamsutta sheets. These blankets are of really cheap quality. Thin, mesh-like texture. Threads get loose at the ends. Leaving traces of fabric everywhere. I got rid of it cause I am afraid the loose ends and fabric may be swallowed by babies 
bad buy in two days it started to come apart i am sooo disappointed,looks good but quality is por advice-dont buy i 
The humidifier worked great for 2 weeks but now leaks all over the floor during operation.  I would not recommend buying this product 
This product is OK - it's just a larger version of the upholstery tool that you probably already have with the vacuum.  The head is eight inches wide with two little strips of lint-catching fabric.  The extra width lets you vacuum areas twice as fast, but for what it is, this attachment is ridiculously overpriced 
Corrected review:    On September 1st, after using it five times to stir soft ice cream,  I used this spatula to stir flour into oil and it broke with the steel stem sticking out.  Amazon emailed the promise to refund this product but I haven't seen the refund yet. 
well, i have a toy poodle, and he goes crazy when he hears someone at our door.  We live in a tiny studio in nyc, so if he hears someone going into their apt in the middle of the night, he goes crazy and wakes everyone up.  After a lack of sleep and total frustration i got this collar.  It work until one night i woke up to horrible noises when i saw that my dog had attempted to slip the collar off, and because of all his fur the collar was able to slide partially off but not all the way, leaving the electric part IN HIS MOUTH, and when he whined, it electrocuted HIS MOUTH....so i quick unhooked it and couldnt stop freaking out...so my boyfriend said that its not a bad shock, its just a quick pinched...so i tryed it on my neck, and my god, was it POWERFUL, it burned and paralyzed your whole area.  I made my boyfriend try it to just so he couldnt say i was being a p*ssy. We threw it right out after that.  I didnt even want to resell it or get my money back, because i would feel too guilty giving it to anyone else.  My suggestion is that you get JUST A SOUND CORRECTION device, with no electric correction, because i learned first hand its really not humane.  OR A SPRAY collar that shoots out a spray of citranella or something. 
This bread box had to be "fixed" by the time I received it.  It was a minor thing, and works well, however I would not have bothered buying the box had I known that there would be problems with it 
I thought this breadbox was beautiful in the picture and unique because of the two compartments.  The construction, however, is horrible.  The wood was split at the screw locations on the lid.  I returned the box and received another one.  The wood was split at the screw sites on the bottow of the second box.  It is very poorly put together and the material is cheap.  This certainly is not worth the price 
I purchased this high-end toaster oven because I wanted /needed a proficient smaller oven for smaller baking needs.  After 5 months of moderate usage, however, the middle knob has malfunctioned and it will no longer bake.  Other than that I was satisfied with the product.  I called their customer service and to get it repaired under warranty, will have to ship it at least 250 miles away, at my expense.  What a hassle.  I may just go buy a cheap toaster oven to replace it instead of spending the time and money on postage.  Live and learn....just because a product costs more doesn't mean it's better. 
We had a rude awaking today, our Delonghi toaster was on fire. I will never again buy any Delonghi product. The defective design is in the toast switch. It is mechanical. When it finishes toasting, it sometimes continues to the "Always On" position thus leaving the toaster oven on toast: very, very hot. We literally had a house full of smoke & a toaster full of flames. You were warned.  Funny thing is, Delonghi makes an attractive product. Sad thing is, they can cost you your house or worse 
I purchased this toaster oven because I loved its exterior design and thought it would look great in my kitchen.  It did... until the middle knob came off after less than 6 months of use.  I've been using a pair of pliers to turn it on for the last 5 months while I await my replacement part.  I have followed-up on my request with DeLonghi customer service on a number of occassions and they offer no solution other than to continue to wait.  I even left a message with a supervisor and received no response whatsoever.  I vow to never buy a DeLonghi product again.  Still waiting for that knob.. 
OK...this is quite possibly the most retarded device ever crafted. It barely picks up even simple dirt and debris, and when it does it fills the filter up and gets clogged in seconds, not minutes.   Also, it is about as easy to return the device to its charging stand as it is to hack into Bank of America and swipe a few mil. Really, its like cracking a safe to lock in back into place to charge. Stupid....stupid...stupid design. The same goes for returning the filter to the device and putting it back together...its like a rubics cube.   A true waste of 40 bucks. Don't buy this! It doesn't even look very cool 
will not last long only a few months old and getting weak alread 
I bought three of these mugs based on a recommendation by Mens Health Magazine. None of the mugs works correctly and the chrome ring on the cover has come off of each one. Initially this looks like a great idea but if the slots don't line up just right the mug will not work.  I have three of these mugs and each set of slots lines up differently. Stay away from this product if you wish to avoid agravation 
Great coffee, and a convenient size, but the carafes keep breaking on me! I used the original carafe just a few times before it broke. I ordered a replacement, and was extra careful when handling it (especially when washing it). I used the carafe maybe five times before it broke. These things just seem to spontaneously combust. The carafes are $12 a piece, so it's not worth replacing again. ARGH 
As you can see in the picture, the pestle (the part you hold in your hand) has quite a wide bottom.  Unfortunately, this spreads out the force that you can apply to any single location, making it practically impossible to grind seeds (e.g., cumin) to dust.  I tried it once on cumin seeds, and gave up 
I liked this when it arrived.  However after a few uses the pestle broke in two.  The pestle is hollow and apparently quite fragile, making it of little use 
The quality of the workmanship is awful! I didn't even get to use it - the top had chips in it and the bottom of the pestle had a huge crack that looks like it happened during the firing process 
I have owned this unit for 2 years.  The water seems OK and definitely better than from the tap.  However, every 4 months or so we have to change the filter because we start to have a chlorine taste coming back.  The replacement cartridges are very expensive.  There is a little knob on the faucet that you pull to switch from tap to filter, and this knob recently has broken off.  We cannot seem to access the company's website to get a replacement part.  I am thinking to get a different water filter system altogether.  I would not buy again.  (Also, I have had lots of problems with their water bottles...leakage, breaking, etc.  I won't buy any product from this company again. 
The price seemed great and I really liked the modern look. When I took it out of the box got disappointed by how cheap everything looked. Assembly was very easy - it took my boyfriend about 15 minutes (the most). The design is really great - it's very compact, perfect for small spaces and would look awesome if materials were a little bit better. Great idea - poorly executed. Would gladly pay a lil more for this futon if it was a better quality product. My main concern is that the construction seems like it wouldn't last too long. I feel like I should attach "sit carefully" tag to it before anybody comes over 
I've had my futon a little over two months and was very happy with it initially until one day two of the wooden slats which are all held in place with plastic fell apart (and I only weigh 100lbs).  I tried everything to fix the problem to no avail.  So considering it only lasted a few months, it really is not worth the money at all.  The price is cheap but so is the quality.  For what it will cost me to replace this one, I could've bought a much better quality futon without the disappointment and aggravation 
I have the same problem as Sillygal00 - "The spout doesn't pour cleanly and water ends up all over the stove!". I'm returning it 
This "Tea Cattle" is absolutely adorable.  It is not practical for daily use.  The spout doesn't pour cleanly and water ends up all over the stove.  The lid doesn't remove easily and more often then not knuckles will be knocked on the handle that does not move.  
This is not made in France -- most of the Le Creuset line is from a centuries-old factory in France; this pot is not.  When I saw where it was made, I returned it.  Buyer beware 
Other than the look, which has now been duplicate  by other companies, there is absolutely no reason to buy this incredibly expensive toaster. It does not toast evenly. It does not accomodate bagels unless you flatten the bagel into a pancake with a hole in it. Everything is manual, and has to be reset every time, including how long the toast cooks, and whether you heat the elements for one slice or two. The idea that the toaster keeps your toast warm after it's done toasting is false. The toast is barely warm, and as you'd expect once you think about it, dried out. The Dual Lit is all hype, no better functioning than a $30 toaster from Sears (or Amazon, which is the BEST place to do business in the world. 
I also had a problem with the coating flaking off... within the first week of using it. The only reason I still use it is because I'm a poor college student that got it as a gift in the first place and can't afford a new one. After scrubbing the inside bottom of the wok furiously, I managed to get all the flakes off and then some. The lid is made of thin aluminum and has bent almost completely out of shape. Awful product. DO NOT BUY THIS WOK 
Moved into a new home. Wanted a brand new vacuum for my brand new carpets, decided to try a bagless model. This thing is a total waste of money. It has barely any suction whatsoever, especially when trying to use the hose, so for now after running this thing I have resorted to getting down on my hands and knees and raking my hand in a circular motion one square foot at a time across the carpets, to pick up lint and people hairs and fuzz from a brand new carpet that this thing just couldn't suck up. It's ridiculous,it's a brand new vacuum! I have never had to do this with any other vacuum. I had my husband make sure it was working right and it is, it just has a very weak suction. This thing is going back to the store and I am getting my money back and using it to buy a better vacuum. DON"T WASTE YOUR MONEY! Also, I have always vacuumed my bare floors instead of sweeping, and this thing is supposed to work on bare floors (well, they all pretty much do that job, but for some reason this has a bare floor setting, whoop de do!)it wont even pick up a little dust on my bathroom floor, nor can it suck up a cobweb! DON'T BUY 
Poor suction, Air filter cloggs every time and it shuts down after 15 min use. DONT BUY... 
If you want your wife mad at you buy this vacumn. A total waste of money and time!!! Poor suction, air filter is clogging constantly, filthy when you have to empty it, shuts down when it picked up a small piece of paper, have to unplug for 30 minutes. They lost their marbles when they designed this vacumn!Could not even give this THING one star, it is that bad!!! 
I have used Tendskin since college and while I can't say that I like it, it does work.  My girlfriend introduced me to the Min Solution2 and I gave it a try.  It works much better and I think the roller ball applicator is genius!  It smells really clean too and a bit minty.  
Take a look at the ingredient list. Alcohol is first, then water. This product doesn't do anything more than plain old rubbing alcohol does--except for make you about twenty bucks poorer.  Regarding some of these reviews: Smells like rubbing alcohol? Why yes, that's because it is. Stings? Yes, it's rubbing alcohol. Someone recommended a spray bottle for easier application? Well, yes, (and duh) what a better way to fly through an expensive product that would last much longer if you used cotton balls.   Unless you've got money to burn, it's just nonsense to buy this. I used it and noticed no difference between it and rubbing alcohol. Except the price 
I ordered this machine for my wife after reading dozens of reviews and and positive feedback. We followed the instructions explicitly and created one cup of coffee. After that the machine said "ventilate". We followed the proceedures for ventilating the machine and it seemed to correct itself. Went to make another cup of coffee and it said "ventilate". This time it would not fix itself. I tried to perform the ventilate process and it would simply spray hot water out into the tray. Turn off the knob and "ventilate" comes back up on the screen. Turn the machine off and turn it back on, "ventilate" came up on the screen.  We called Amazon and they sent us a replacement a few days later (thank you Amazon). Unfortunately, this one I did not get cup one out of the machine. It read "ventilate" as soon as I turned it on. The difference is with this one no water would come out at all.  Gaggia provides no customer support so you are on your own with this unit 
I purchased this toy for a friend's dog a while back. The dog loved it, he played with it non-stop (quack! quack!). When he finally destroyed it though we were shocked. Inside of this toy in addition to the stuffing we found a rubber band and parts of a plastic bag. My friend was fortunate enough to get the toy away from the dog before he could consume these items. We did complain to the manufacturer who said they'd look into it, but I would still be wary of this toy.  I think this would be a great toy for a dog that loves it's toys, but doesn't rip them to shreds! There is no guarantee that what you find inside will be safe! 
I received the first topper and it was not satisfactory so I called and was sent another one which was worse than the first discolored etc. I have since returned both pads in the same box 
Some how my previous review text got a little glitched up.  But suffice it to say the only thing going for these knives is that the probably cut.  The manufacture of these knives is well below the quality I expected ....  It's the first time I;ve been TOTALLY disappointed ....  We're returning the knives because they are not worth the money.  Really, they look great in the picutre, but they are very poor quality.  Why else would a four hundred dollar set be selling for twentysix dollars 
Ditto the other's observations... The thermostat seems to register the temperature of the unit itself rather than the room... I had the thing in a 63 degree room, had it set to 85 degrees. It would register 90 after 30 seconds of running, turn off, slowly ramp back down to 84 degrees over a 2 minute time period, and then repeat. The temperature of the room never got above 64 degrees.... 
The thermometer of this heater is completely messed up. It does not measure the room temperature, but the temperature of the air that has just been heated up. In other words, if your room temperature is 60 degrees and you program it to heat up the room to 70 degrees it will do so (according to the thermometer reading) in less 2 minutes and stop. If you do not use this functionality, but instead let the heater run for some time (5-10 minutes) the thermometer will want to make you believe that the room temperature has gone up to 90 degrees. The thermometer is probably in the wrong location. Did Honeywell do any kind of testing before putting this model on the market ? 
Expensive...and after three months of daily use I can't say it has helped my blood pressure.  I record my blood pressure every morning at the same time...after getting up from nights sleep.  I use exercise equipment for 45 minutes after stretching exercises.  Then breakfast and 15 minutes on Resperate Devise.  My blood pressure hasn't changed significently in the last six months and I continue to take blood pressure medicine.  The Resperate Device was used for the first six weeks just before bedtime - change in schedule hasn't changed blood pressure measurments to any significant extent.  I continue to use the device because of the fortune spent on it but wouldn't consider buying it again 
Meditation will do the same thing. Buy a tape or take a class 
When I got this pedometer, I found that the instructions weren't clear.  I never did get the thing to work.  I have had pedometers before and they have always been easy to operate.  This one wasn't.  The pedometer doesn't cost enough to go through the hassle of returning it at your cost.  It's just easier to buy a new one.  However, I suggest that you purchase it in person from a sporting goods or health store 
The pedometer arrive held prisoner in a difficult-to-open plastic cell -- what are these "packaging engineers" thinking? It took me ten minutes and two ruined fingernails to open it, and then I took the scissors to it, and the hard packaging almost broke them!  But I was thrilled.  A handsome object, thought I, and I loved the clip in the back that you pinch to open.  So much better than having to wrestle it down over a soft waistband.  I yanked out the plastic battery protector and set to work to rev the thing up to speed.  But, alas, it would not follow instructions as they were written.  "Press and hold the Set button.  Hour display blinking."  (Could they not have said, "The hour display will blink"?  I pressed.  "Press Memory button to adjust the hour."  I did.  The Memory button never did a thing.  So I asked a friend of mine to try and he had no luck either.  We both tried several combinations of maneuvers, but nothing worked.  To this moment, the hour display is blinking, blinking, blinking.  I'd like to get my money back, but ya know what?  J & R Music & Computer World in NY demand such a rigamarole to send it back, including with all the original packaging (I threw the OP in the trash), that you almost have to be a genius in packaging to follow their instructions, which, of course, are not designed to benefit the consumer but to benefit only themselves.  Now I'm afraid this pedometer will follow its packaging into the trash, while I will make sure I never order from J&R again. 
I was offered  one of these while cycling and thought it was very tasty.  So good, in fact, that when I got home I went straight to the web site show on the back of the wrapper to learn where I could buy them.  Just above the web address is the nutrition and ingredients list.  That was probably a mistake on the manufacturer's part as it gives you something to read while the site comes up.  OOPS!  This bar has a whooping 25% of your daily allowance of saturated fat!  Not only that, but the fat is palm oil.  This might be acceptable for a soldier involved in prolonged strenuous activity but I doubt a cardiologist would recomend it to most of us.  A commercially formulated product is more likely to fill the average person's need for a lower fat (and healthier fat) energy bar, than one formulated for extreme physical activity, sold for profit and marketed as a patriotic tribute to the troops.  Bottom line: Read the label, weigh the health risks and if you want to support the troops, there has to be a better way than eating Hooah Bars.  
The best thing I can say about the test is it took 13 days to receive my results.  The actual results varied greatly from those I received from my doctor 3 months prior:  (...)  Both tests were taken following a 12-hour fast.  All instructions were followed.  I find it hard to believe my cholesterol levels changed so drastically in 3 months.  I contacted BioSafe customer service.   All representatives were busy on my first call so I left a message, which was not returned.  I called again and was able to speak to someone right away.  The customer service person was very pleasant and took a lot of time explaining how accurate their tests were and how results from different testing methods (finger prick vs. blood drawn from arm) will vary "slightly".   (...)  I question the accuracy of the biosafe results.   
This Oregon Scientific Pedometer is very inaccurate and a waste of money even at the cheap price.  There is no point to even considering "saving money" when it comes to pedometers if the count is going to be almost arbitrary 
This pedometer is so much cheaper (~$7) than the typical decent ones (that go for about $18 - $20).. now I know it is for a reason.. the buttons are flimsy, the package looks very cheap, the one I bought and presented to a senior citizen - did not work, also found that the Sr Citizen found it very hard to use the buttons on this little device.. terrible ergonomics/form factor.  Would recommend spending a bit more and getting the Omron/Oregon Sc  $18 pedometers - much better form factor, high reliability and quality 
The monitor works really well. The functions are a bit limited from the perspective of calorie counting and fitness tracking.  If you are looking for a good basic monitor, this is a great unit. 
I don't know how this works because when I found that I would need to wear a chest band during exercise to make it work, I returned it. It isn't evident in the advert for this (or any other) heart-rate monitor. I guess I'll have to trust my sense of pain... 
I am a 20 year user of several Remington products, but I must admit they missed the mark in improving this shaver.  The Remington ES-1000 Utra Smooth Bump Control Shaver was designed to replace the original (BMS) Black Man's Shaver which was discountinued several years ago.  I recently purchased and used the ES-1000 and was quite disappointed with its performance.  The ES-1000 performed so poorly that I had to use my BMS that I had purchase 20 years ago to remove facial hair the ES-1000 shaver could not and did not remove.  The product should be called "Ultra poor with a sandpaper finish."  The product needs to be put to death by using an ultra smooth bullet.  For anyone with curly hair problems, you may want to consider comparing this product against the Wahl 5-Star Series, Model # 8061.  I think you will find there is a major difference in the products 
I had bought this razor after reading some of the reviews. I used the razor as directed in the instruction manual. The manual said when you first use the razor your beard would get used to it after a few weeks of use. I used the razor for a few weeks and with ever week the bumps got worse. I had to stop using it entirely for my skin to heal. Do not buy this product 
After using this product for about a month and a half, I began to get very high blood pressure readings (157/106).  My doctor took my BP on the same day and got 130/80, which I also got with my manual cuff.  I find that this machine tends to show a rapid pulse as well.  The only good thing about it is that you don't have to record your readings manually.  If they calibrate the machine properly, it would be a great thing, but I wasted my money 
Be sure to measure your arm before purchasing... it's annoying to receive the unit with the Standard Adult Arm Cuff (fits arms 9 to 13 inches around) and find out I have to order a larger arm cuff! Don't bother calling Omron "Customer Service" at 1-800-634-4350... just a typical big company voice mail hell! It even tells you to call another number to order the piece... My 1 Star rating is only for the ordering information not provided and Omrons "customer service 
In the user manual there is a whole list of people who it will provide inaccurate body fat percentage measurements for and body builders are one of them. I wish I had known this before. Now I have to waste about $20 in shipping to return it.  DO NOT BUY FOR BODY FAT MEASUREMENT 
I am amazed that all these so-called health foods will add artery-clogging "palm kernel oil" as an ingredient.  Don't buy anything with palm kernel oil, cocoa butter, and anything hydrogenated!!  No matter how many "organic" things are added to it.  For many years now, it has been established that palmitic acid carbon atoms increase the risk of coronary heart disease.  The World Health Organization in its report states there is convincing evidence that palmitic oil consumption contributes to an increased risk of developing of cardiovascular diseases. 
I had never eaten a Luna bar before I made this purchase, so I had expectations that were not even close to being fufilled.  When I read "chocolate Pecan Pie" .. I expected just that.. the taste of rich chocolate, with nutty pecans and a gooey sugary base.  What I received was a bar with little taste, nothing at all similar to the name on the bar.  In my opinion, the bar is edible if you have no expectations of it... the flavor is barely there. The bar is dry. It is never again be on my "purchase" list 
frankly suggest not to buy..will regret a lot after buying.. ooooo...aaaa.....ouchhhh.....tooo painful and hair starts growing in a weeek...and taking very loooooooooooooong timeee to finish one hand..  **************************DONT BUY******************** 
Amazon and this company are NIGHTMARES.  I ordered this scale a month ago, and the expected ship date keeps changing.  I finally called Amazon and dealt with the most ignorant customer service person ever.  He was no help at all.  After waiting on hold for about 20 minutes, he told me to call back because he was having a systems upgrade.  All he was able to give me was the ship date range, which has already changed several times.  Amazon needs to drop this from their website if they cannot do a better job with getting it out on time 
Ordered this item on Sept 28. They were supposed to ship it within 1 week. After 1 week I received an email, they said they needed 2 more weeks. Another email today (Nov 7), they think they can deliver it by November 27. That's 2 months after I placed my order. At this point, I am not even sure if they can delivered this item by the end of the year. Fortunately with Amazon, they do not process the payment unless the items are shipped and they give you the option to cancel the order, which is what I am going to do right now 
Stay away from this seller "Salter".  I ordered this product 20 days ago and finally got an email saying that there's an unexpected delay!  I cancelled right away, after waiting for almost a month 
LCD fell off when arrived because the two-side sticker wasn't stong enough. Anyhow,I could push it back. Then, the scale couldn't be turned on by tapping on the top. This is the only way you can make this scale work as discribed on manual. I have to remove and insert battery to turn it on everytime! I think some force sensor attached to the frame is broken. This is the problem I can't fix.  The only thing I can do is sending it back. Following up: According to the other review, I tried to make this scale "vibrating" using different ways of tapping. It didn't work no matter how hard I tried. I had to use my toe to lift up one side a little (about half an inch) and drop it on hard floor to make enough "vibration" to turn it on. I wonder how long this scale can function well by such a way to switch on. My Soehnle scale always turns on by a soft tapping. I have to admit the reading of this scale is very clear and accurate. Just feel a little nervous standing on two pieces of glass. And also, be careful to use it in bathroom: moisture will make the glass surface slippery. 
While I am not sure what exactly these do taste like, I don't detect the peanut butter here. The texture is good, chewy enough, but the taste is...odd. Not at all sweet. I can't imagine any child (or adult) grown accustomed to high fructose corn syrup actually enjoying these. Bleh.  If you want peanut butter, the Clif Bar has a much better flavor (and an even denser, chewier texture). If you want a Z-Bar, I slightly recommend the chocolate--although it too tastes a bit odd and is inferior to the chocolate Clif Bars. Builder Bars are also worth a try, sufficiently sweet and flavorful. Of course, with these alternative product lines you will get about twice the calories.  Although I will not buy these again, I give the company a star for a worthy effort 
The reading magnifiers I ordered 09/29/04 finally arrived 10/19/04 after a call to the seller. (Original order was shipped to Amazon.com so it had to be reshipped to me.) It only took 5 minutes or so to assemble one of the reading magnifiers, and it is possible to adjust it to just about any position with the clever arm.  The weighted base does keep it from falling over. Unfortunately, the thin plastic lense is such poor quality that it is very difficult to receive any benefit from the device.  If the user turned the adjustment knob too far, it and the nut that holds it together would fall off.  The nut is small and must be inserted into the outside of the adjustment knob to assemble the device.  The knob actually turns the nut onto the screw. Presumably the device is for someone with low vision.  If the small nut falls to the floor, I'm not sure someone with low vision would be able to find it.  My advice is to save your money and buy a quality device with a nice glass lens.... and if possible, try the device out before buying. 
There are no energy drink ingredients in this stuff. It's sugar water with a miniscule amount of vitamin C. A completely pathetic rip-off marketing hype which sadly is being sold as a troop supporting product. Supporting the troops should not involve buying garbage sugar water at high prices. If you want an energy drink try Rockstar or Monster. If you want to support the troops buy a savings bond 
I don't know what those other people were talking about but this energy drink tastes like melted popsicles. It's basically just Gatorade with more sugar in it. If you want an energy drink instead of a sweetened sports drink you should look elsewhere 
I own a more expensive Braun but bought this model as a gift for someone who I wasn't sure if he would use an electic toothbrush. After 7 months, the toothbrush won't turn off-something is shorted out. Unfortunately I no longer have the receipt. My more expensive model which I use multiple times a day has been problem free for over five years 
Why are you paying such good money for a no-calorie water?! How many calories does water have to begin with?! It would be interesting to see what the placebo was that they used in the double blind trial(?a cheeseburger?). Please do NOT buy this. Fill a bottle up at home and squeeze a bit of lemon juice in if you have to.... NO CALORIES! Give the money that you would have spend to charity. The makers of this water are thieves and con artists 
This is the best diet product ever!  I tried them all and "SKINNY WATER?" is the easiest and cheapest diet idea ever.  The product taste great and it really removes any desire to eat too much.  I drink just 3 bottles a day and so far the pounds just melt away.  I lost 15 lbs. in 20 days.  Great taste, it works great, and it's so inexpensive.  Great job to who ever came up with the idea of drinking water and losing weight.  The owners should hire me to do commercials for them 
Read some reviews that say "my cousin lost 100 pounds by drinking this water and walking a mile a day," and ask yourself - wouldn't that guy have lost the exact same weight drinking that much TAP WATER and walking a mile a day?!  This water is simply an attempt to fool gullible consumers into paying money for something with absolutely no value. If you won't drink water and exercise unless you have "special" water imbued with mythical powers, than by all means, this is the product for you. But if you prefer to save your money, simply exercise, eat healthier, and drink regular tap water 
Only works properly if you are not moving AND in a zero-gravity environment 
Received the item but it didn't work, nor did it have very good instructions. E-mailed company 4 times with no response. 
I've got this meter a month ago. I intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise, but I've never been able to do so! At rest, the meter gives a reading after several attempts, but often inaccurate. You have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading. Now I'm using it as an exercise watch/stopwatch 
The foil is a bit misleading, because if you are shaving parts of your body with many curves (under the zipper) the timmer will catch you and it hurts, a lot. The foil can ONLY be used on straight surfaces. The two trimmer blases rest at about a 200degree angle. If you have to many curves to mow with the foil without hitting the trimmer.... well, be prepared to spend a night or two on the sofa 
I am amazed that all these so-called health foods will add artery-clogging "palm kernel oil" as an ingredient.  Don't buy anything with palm kernel oil, cocoa butter, and anything hydrogenated!!  No matter how many "organic" things are added to it.  For many years now, it has been established that palmitic acid carbon atoms increase the risk of coronary heart disease.  The World Health Organization in its report states there is convincing evidence that palmitic oil consumption contributes to an increased risk of developing of cardiovascular diseases. 
I bought this from Amazon and I don't like it - the masured temperature drifts from 96.8F to 99.6F in 6 minutes. So inaccurate 
     Although I have used many electronic cuff devices in the past, this is one of the worst at providing accurate readings.       Firstly, the cuff is not adequate for very small or larger wrists and the readings are often lower than what you would get if the blood pressure were taken manually the traditional way.       In a clinical setting, it is important that you get adequate readings so that the patient can receive the proper treatment based on their readings. It is imperative since you may or may not give medication depending on what you recive via the blood pressure measurement. I have taken a blood pressure manually after getting what I considered a questionable reading only to discover that the wrist blood pressure was far too low and more aggressive measures had to be taken because of the data that was retrieved the old fashioned way. Imagine had I taken the initial reading as truth and the patient may have had a stroke as a result.       As a rule, I never recommend using these devices for at home use because of the risk of false readings. Many people who suffer from hypertension feel that this is a good way of monitoring their blood pressure when in actuality it is giving them a false sense of security.       If you are considering buying this product for at home use or for use in a clinical setting, please ask your doctor or nurse for their opinions. 
I purchased this unit and was dissatisfied with comparisons I made at the doctor's office. I next purchased an Omron arm unit and found the results to be more valid and reliable. The wrist unit is very cool, but did not live up to Consumer Reports suggestion that it had acceptable validity. I'm technically savvy, an excellent instructions follower, and really wanted to like this unit, but I cannot recommend it. Skip the cool wrist unit and get an arm unit if at all possible. 
The Oral-B is a good product but the refills certainly aren't worth what they charge for them.  I don't know about you but it has always annoyed me when you get held hostage by a company to buy their refills for the item they sold you at a rip-off price.  They could make a great profit selling these refills at something like $2.50 each, their rip off price of $8.50 ea is beyond absurd.  The other thing is that when you buy their toothbrush they have something in there like the brush heads last 2 months.  That's a real laugh.  Even brushing just once a day, you're lucky if you get a month out of them.  So not only do they rip you off with their refill cost, they also lie to you to get you locked into their product to begin with 
I bought this for a far-sighted relative, but it didn't magnify enough, and was distractinly blurry, so the gift wasn't well received.  I give this two thumbs down 
I finally got this toothbrush after I have seen alot of people use them.  I am very disappointed.  The design of the brush and the charger seems really outdated and bulky.  It's constantly getting dirty with dust and tooth paste.  It's very hard to clean.  It's loud, and small brush.  Not to mention the replacements for the brush are too expensive.  No thank you 
I used this razor for a few months and was happy with everything except the price of the blades. I have always cut myself occasionally, but when I cut myself with the Fusion Power, I got this huge cut under my chin that eventually left a scar! Talk about sharp! I went back to using it and then a month or so later I cut myself AGAIN and this one was even worse. You could almost see five lines of blood on the point of my chin. I tossed the Fusion in the garbage, went back to the 3-blade, and wrote Gillette an e-mail to complain, to which they did not respond.  I've read all 60 reviews before mine, and was surprised to see that no one else reported this problem. Maybe it's my shaving technique, but this thing is a weapon 
It never ceases to amaze me how often Gillette comes out with new gimmicks to take more money from it's loyal clientele.  The Fusion is a classic example, from overpriced shaving gel to a much overpriced razor which quite honestly gives you the same shave as a Sensor Excel.  Don't buy into the hype, the Fusion is an expensive joke of a product. 
like many other negative reviews, i've experienced the same problems with this razor.  i guess less blades is more and i'm going back to the m3 power.  i'll be brief about the problems:  1.  there's more "pulling" when you shave.  it felt like the hair on my face was being pulled out than cut. 2.  the razor is harder to clean off. 3.  i would get slight razor burn and i never get razor burn. 4.  it's more expensive than other better razors out there.  so there you have it.  if you HAVE to try it out, hey it might work for you.  but please, keep your receipt (and packaging) in case you want to get a refund.*  *  if you're reading this is 2009, chances are that gillette's money back guarantee will no longer be around.  however, there will probably be a gillette razor with 12 blades by then 
I was so excited about this product; but when I got it I was deeply dissatisfied.  The box was damaged.  It was bent inward at the lid on one side and around the drawers opening it was ripped on both sides.  I will be returning this product for a replacement.  I do think that the box is really cute.  However if I receive another damaged box then I will never buy another thing from this website 
The bars look like mudpies, are very dry, and all three "flavors" taste the same, meaning that they don't have much flavor at all. I much prefer certain flavors of Balance bars. The only good thing about these Clif bars is that I don't get hungry for several hours after eating one 
Picked this up to try out because of the ratings & price. Didn't do a thing for me.  Wipe it on, let it haze and wipe it off.  No difference. 
This product is worthless. Save yourself the hassle and frustration of trying to get the radio and readouts to work and buy something else.  I've never been able to get the radio to work properly and the counters have gone blank. I'm really surprised that Amazon continues to sell this item with such terrible reviews continuing to come in 
Although it kept time (which indicates the batteries were good) this didn't work the first day I used it. It worked the second day. It stopped working by the third day AND the battery cover broke off sometime during the day and was lost. This was a complete waste of $19 
This was a piece of JUNK.  Neither my husband nor I could ever get it set correctly -- we wound up throwing it away, going to Target and buying one of their 10,000-Steps pedometer.  THAT works great 
My husband purchased the Pedometer with FM radio for me.  I loved it and used it non-stop for about a week.  After a week the battery case top fell off so I could not keep the batteries in.  The FM radio worked only once - I thought I had a short in the headset.  Good idea but really did not perform/last for the money 
Pedometer part is fine.  Radio part is useless 
I wanted to buy this for my daughter. I wanted to combine a traditional record book with fill-ins with my new scrapbooking hobby. The outside is precious, but once you open it, the pages are like a black and white newspaper material, and they have no structure what so ever. The pages are boring and don't look very durable 
What a disappointment!  The device just wasn't predictable.  Sometimes it would do as expected, sometimes not.  It was just a crapshoot.  Finally unplugged it and it's in a drawer somewhere.  Yes, I played with the sensitivity with no success.  Getting up to turn lights on and off was far less effort and aggravation than trying to convince The Clapper to do its thing.  Save your money and look elsewhere 
The product does not work as it is shown on TV.  There are very specific instructions on how it works and it is not so easy. The item was a gift that is now just gathering dust 
Enough single-use garbage diapers are used in the U.S. each year to reach to the moon and back.  Think about where they come from and where they go.  What kind of world do you want your kids to live in? Cloth diapers are not difficult, and regardless of the propoganda of the garbage diaper companies, they have no where near the negative environmental impact. 
frankly suggest not to buy..will regret a lot after buying.. ooooo...aaaa.....ouchhhh.....tooo painful and hair starts growing in a weeek...and taking very loooooooooooooong timeee to finish one hand..  **************************DONT BUY******************** 
Amazon and this company are NIGHTMARES.  I ordered this scale a month ago, and the expected ship date keeps changing.  I finally called Amazon and dealt with the most ignorant customer service person ever.  He was no help at all.  After waiting on hold for about 20 minutes, he told me to call back because he was having a systems upgrade.  All he was able to give me was the ship date range, which has already changed several times.  Amazon needs to drop this from their website if they cannot do a better job with getting it out on time 
Ordered this item on Sept 28. They were supposed to ship it within 1 week. After 1 week I received an email, they said they needed 2 more weeks. Another email today (Nov 7), they think they can deliver it by November 27. That's 2 months after I placed my order. At this point, I am not even sure if they can delivered this item by the end of the year. Fortunately with Amazon, they do not process the payment unless the items are shipped and they give you the option to cancel the order, which is what I am going to do right now 
Stay away from this seller "Salter".  I ordered this product 20 days ago and finally got an email saying that there's an unexpected delay!  I cancelled right away, after waiting for almost a month 
LCD fell off when arrived because the two-side sticker wasn't stong enough. Anyhow,I could push it back. Then, the scale couldn't be turned on by tapping on the top. This is the only way you can make this scale work as discribed on manual. I have to remove and insert battery to turn it on everytime! I think some force sensor attached to the frame is broken. This is the problem I can't fix.  The only thing I can do is sending it back. Following up: According to the other review, I tried to make this scale "vibrating" using different ways of tapping. It didn't work no matter how hard I tried. I had to use my toe to lift up one side a little (about half an inch) and drop it on hard floor to make enough "vibration" to turn it on. I wonder how long this scale can function well by such a way to switch on. My Soehnle scale always turns on by a soft tapping. I have to admit the reading of this scale is very clear and accurate. Just feel a little nervous standing on two pieces of glass. And also, be careful to use it in bathroom: moisture will make the glass surface slippery. 
The reading magnifiers I ordered 09/29/04 finally arrived 10/19/04 after a call to the seller. (Original order was shipped to Amazon.com so it had to be reshipped to me.) It only took 5 minutes or so to assemble one of the reading magnifiers, and it is possible to adjust it to just about any position with the clever arm.  The weighted base does keep it from falling over. Unfortunately, the thin plastic lense is such poor quality that it is very difficult to receive any benefit from the device.  If the user turned the adjustment knob too far, it and the nut that holds it together would fall off.  The nut is small and must be inserted into the outside of the adjustment knob to assemble the device.  The knob actually turns the nut onto the screw. Presumably the device is for someone with low vision.  If the small nut falls to the floor, I'm not sure someone with low vision would be able to find it.  My advice is to save your money and buy a quality device with a nice glass lens.... and if possible, try the device out before buying. 
I am a 20 year user of several Remington products, but I must admit they missed the mark in improving this shaver.  The Remington ES-1000 Utra Smooth Bump Control Shaver was designed to replace the original (BMS) Black Man's Shaver which was discountinued several years ago.  I recently purchased and used the ES-1000 and was quite disappointed with its performance.  The ES-1000 performed so poorly that I had to use my BMS that I had purchase 20 years ago to remove facial hair the ES-1000 shaver could not and did not remove.  The product should be called "Ultra poor with a sandpaper finish."  The product needs to be put to death by using an ultra smooth bullet.  For anyone with curly hair problems, you may want to consider comparing this product against the Wahl 5-Star Series, Model # 8061.  I think you will find there is a major difference in the products 
I had bought this razor after reading some of the reviews. I used the razor as directed in the instruction manual. The manual said when you first use the razor your beard would get used to it after a few weeks of use. I used the razor for a few weeks and with ever week the bumps got worse. I had to stop using it entirely for my skin to heal. Do not buy this product 
There are no energy drink ingredients in this stuff. It's sugar water with a miniscule amount of vitamin C. A completely pathetic rip-off marketing hype which sadly is being sold as a troop supporting product. Supporting the troops should not involve buying garbage sugar water at high prices. If you want an energy drink try Rockstar or Monster. If you want to support the troops buy a savings bond 
I don't know what those other people were talking about but this energy drink tastes like melted popsicles. It's basically just Gatorade with more sugar in it. If you want an energy drink instead of a sweetened sports drink you should look elsewhere 
I am amazed that all these so-called health foods will add artery-clogging "palm kernel oil" as an ingredient.  Don't buy anything with palm kernel oil, cocoa butter, and anything hydrogenated!!  No matter how many "organic" things are added to it.  For many years now, it has been established that palmitic acid carbon atoms increase the risk of coronary heart disease.  The World Health Organization in its report states there is convincing evidence that palmitic oil consumption contributes to an increased risk of developing of cardiovascular diseases. 
I had never eaten a Luna bar before I made this purchase, so I had expectations that were not even close to being fufilled.  When I read "chocolate Pecan Pie" .. I expected just that.. the taste of rich chocolate, with nutty pecans and a gooey sugary base.  What I received was a bar with little taste, nothing at all similar to the name on the bar.  In my opinion, the bar is edible if you have no expectations of it... the flavor is barely there. The bar is dry. It is never again be on my "purchase" list 
Why are you paying such good money for a no-calorie water?! How many calories does water have to begin with?! It would be interesting to see what the placebo was that they used in the double blind trial(?a cheeseburger?). Please do NOT buy this. Fill a bottle up at home and squeeze a bit of lemon juice in if you have to.... NO CALORIES! Give the money that you would have spend to charity. The makers of this water are thieves and con artists 
The charlatans who makes this [...] deserve to be shot and so does anybody stupid enough to buy it.  Eat a balanced diet and get some exercise. Don't be a moron all your life. 
Read some reviews that say "my cousin lost 100 pounds by drinking this water and walking a mile a day," and ask yourself - wouldn't that guy have lost the exact same weight drinking that much TAP WATER and walking a mile a day?!  This water is simply an attempt to fool gullible consumers into paying money for something with absolutely no value. If you won't drink water and exercise unless you have "special" water imbued with mythical powers, than by all means, this is the product for you. But if you prefer to save your money, simply exercise, eat healthier, and drink regular tap water 
I bought it new. After using this shaver a couple of times in a shower, it stopped working. I took it to a Braun affiliated repair shop. Braun wrote that the shaver has water damage to the interior, including the electronics. They said this is NOT a manufacturing defect and left the costs of repair to me.  I checked the manual before I used the shaver in the shower - it does not say that you cannot use it in a shower. I have not opened the shaver, I have not cleaned it in water.  Thus, based on my experience, this shaver and Braun are a scam as far as I am concerned 
Received the item but it didn't work, nor did it have very good instructions. E-mailed company 4 times with no response. 
I've got this meter a month ago. I intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise, but I've never been able to do so! At rest, the meter gives a reading after several attempts, but often inaccurate. You have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading. Now I'm using it as an exercise watch/stopwatch 
This device is useless for monitoring pulse during activity.  One must be absolutely still for the meter to get a clear signal.  Nor is it useful for monitoring resting pulse, as it seems unable to pick up a pulse unless the heart is pounding.  At best, this device MIGHT manage to acurately read a pulse AFTER a strenuous activity is concluded 
I returned this biofeedback software and hardware. I was happy with Amazon's quick credit back to my credit card, but i found this purchase totally lacking. The games it had you play were boring and i wouldn't suggest buying this for doing biofeedback 
I had never eaten a Luna bar before I made this purchase, so I had expectations that were not even close to being fufilled.  When I read "chocolate Pecan Pie" .. I expected just that.. the taste of rich chocolate, with nutty pecans and a gooey sugary base.  What I received was a bar with little taste, nothing at all similar to the name on the bar.  In my opinion, the bar is edible if you have no expectations of it... the flavor is barely there. The bar is dry. It is never again be on my "purchase" list 
     Although I have used many electronic cuff devices in the past, this is one of the worst at providing accurate readings.       Firstly, the cuff is not adequate for very small or larger wrists and the readings are often lower than what you would get if the blood pressure were taken manually the traditional way.       In a clinical setting, it is important that you get adequate readings so that the patient can receive the proper treatment based on their readings. It is imperative since you may or may not give medication depending on what you recive via the blood pressure measurement. I have taken a blood pressure manually after getting what I considered a questionable reading only to discover that the wrist blood pressure was far too low and more aggressive measures had to be taken because of the data that was retrieved the old fashioned way. Imagine had I taken the initial reading as truth and the patient may have had a stroke as a result.       As a rule, I never recommend using these devices for at home use because of the risk of false readings. Many people who suffer from hypertension feel that this is a good way of monitoring their blood pressure when in actuality it is giving them a false sense of security.       If you are considering buying this product for at home use or for use in a clinical setting, please ask your doctor or nurse for their opinions. 
Expensive...and after three months of daily use I can't say it has helped my blood pressure.  I record my blood pressure every morning at the same time...after getting up from nights sleep.  I use exercise equipment for 45 minutes after stretching exercises.  Then breakfast and 15 minutes on Resperate Devise.  My blood pressure hasn't changed significently in the last six months and I continue to take blood pressure medicine.  The Resperate Device was used for the first six weeks just before bedtime - change in schedule hasn't changed blood pressure measurments to any significant extent.  I continue to use the device because of the fortune spent on it but wouldn't consider buying it again 
Purchased this machine for my wife (born 1949) who has high blood pressure (150+/90+ untreated) and Type-II diabetes. Had high hopes as this was not a drug-related therapy. But was vastly disappointed by lack of positive results. Yes, she enjoyed using it. But her blood pressure was not improved.  HERE IS MY ANALYSIS for your consideration. If your high plood pressure is caused by stress and the cares of life, RESPeRATE may work for you. But there is no mechanism by which it can address or cure arteriosclerosis. So, carefully analyze the cause of your high blood pressure before buying 
All this box does is make tones to slow down your breathing. I looked at it for a long time, I never found a clear explanation of what it actually is.  So I tried it and it seems like it should cost about $11.99. Save your money 
When I got this pedometer, I found that the instructions weren't clear.  I never did get the thing to work.  I have had pedometers before and they have always been easy to operate.  This one wasn't.  The pedometer doesn't cost enough to go through the hassle of returning it at your cost.  It's just easier to buy a new one.  However, I suggest that you purchase it in person from a sporting goods or health store 
The pedometer arrive held prisoner in a difficult-to-open plastic cell -- what are these "packaging engineers" thinking? It took me ten minutes and two ruined fingernails to open it, and then I took the scissors to it, and the hard packaging almost broke them!  But I was thrilled.  A handsome object, thought I, and I loved the clip in the back that you pinch to open.  So much better than having to wrestle it down over a soft waistband.  I yanked out the plastic battery protector and set to work to rev the thing up to speed.  But, alas, it would not follow instructions as they were written.  "Press and hold the Set button.  Hour display blinking."  (Could they not have said, "The hour display will blink"?  I pressed.  "Press Memory button to adjust the hour."  I did.  The Memory button never did a thing.  So I asked a friend of mine to try and he had no luck either.  We both tried several combinations of maneuvers, but nothing worked.  To this moment, the hour display is blinking, blinking, blinking.  I'd like to get my money back, but ya know what?  J & R Music & Computer World in NY demand such a rigamarole to send it back, including with all the original packaging (I threw the OP in the trash), that you almost have to be a genius in packaging to follow their instructions, which, of course, are not designed to benefit the consumer but to benefit only themselves.  Now I'm afraid this pedometer will follow its packaging into the trash, while I will make sure I never order from J&R again. 
This pedometer is so much cheaper (~$7) than the typical decent ones (that go for about $18 - $20).. now I know it is for a reason.. the buttons are flimsy, the package looks very cheap, the one I bought and presented to a senior citizen - did not work, also found that the Sr Citizen found it very hard to use the buttons on this little device.. terrible ergonomics/form factor.  Would recommend spending a bit more and getting the Omron/Oregon Sc  $18 pedometers - much better form factor, high reliability and quality 
Pros: it's really cheap, and has a lot of features (set stride length, calories, clock, backlight, protective door)  Con: the door is really, incredibly, intolerably hard to open.  I was adding a dozen steps to the readout just trying to get the door open.  I tried to trim the plastic tab, but I took too much off, now the door flops open.  It was useless the way it came from the factory, now I broke it and can't use it at all without a rubber band to keep it closed. Also, I was never able to get a very accurate step-count.  I would count 100 steps and usually get 65-90 steps on the readout, though I'm not really sure because I had to shake the thing for a minute or two just to get the door open.  For the price, I think this would be a great deal for someone with the patience to work with it 
The Oral-B is a good product but the refills certainly aren't worth what they charge for them.  I don't know about you but it has always annoyed me when you get held hostage by a company to buy their refills for the item they sold you at a rip-off price.  They could make a great profit selling these refills at something like $2.50 each, their rip off price of $8.50 ea is beyond absurd.  The other thing is that when you buy their toothbrush they have something in there like the brush heads last 2 months.  That's a real laugh.  Even brushing just once a day, you're lucky if you get a month out of them.  So not only do they rip you off with their refill cost, they also lie to you to get you locked into their product to begin with 
I finally got this toothbrush after I have seen alot of people use them.  I am very disappointed.  The design of the brush and the charger seems really outdated and bulky.  It's constantly getting dirty with dust and tooth paste.  It's very hard to clean.  It's loud, and small brush.  Not to mention the replacements for the brush are too expensive.  No thank you 
In the user manual there is a whole list of people who it will provide inaccurate body fat percentage measurements for and body builders are one of them. I wish I had known this before. Now I have to waste about $20 in shipping to return it.  DO NOT BUY FOR BODY FAT MEASUREMENT 
The scale part works fine, but the fat % measurement does not work. If you care about fat%, I'd recommend using the hand held device instead. It gives more accurate reads. 
 Every time I use the product--- 3 out of 4 times I receive an error and have to try it agai 
Wow 5 blades instead of three? Who would have thought of that? I smell noble price here! Don't let the great cosmetic design fool you. It turned out to be the same thing but with more blades. I was really excited waiting for my brand new Fusion Power razor to arrive, I am allergic to shaving so this was a big issue for me. After the first shave my hopes were destroyed. It turned out to be about the same thing. They even mentioned the blades being closer as an improvement, when in fact, I think they were forced to do it that way because if not they would have ended up with a huge cartridge that would not fit the contours of the face.  The only obvious new feature is the trimmer, which is only that, a feature, and not a real technical advance. I hope that someday these companies start to invest a part of the income they get from the overpriced cartridges in research and development, instead of investing it in marketing. By the way, my power handle came broken, so I couldn't test this feature, although I have had power handles in the past with other blades and the difference was minimal. What will be next, let me guess, 7 blades? I guess that these guys should really start working in something new because the "adding more blades" thing is getting exhausted.  
    The first shave seemed good; but the second time did me in with the Fusion. Instead of just one nick, I managed around 3 or 4 nicks at once. But looking at the cost of the replacement cartridges put me into a state of price shock.    I got a Merkur Heavy Duty double edge safety razor & the blades are a huge savings. Merkur blades or Feather double edge blades average 50 cents apiece. The Feather blades are extremely sharp!    The Gillette Sensor is more practical for me when in a big hurry. A good old fashioned shave using the double edge safety razor, a badger hair shaving brush, & some Proraso shave cream in the tube is alot more enjoyable & relaxing for me!    
I used this razor for a few months and was happy with everything except the price of the blades. I have always cut myself occasionally, but when I cut myself with the Fusion Power, I got this huge cut under my chin that eventually left a scar! Talk about sharp! I went back to using it and then a month or so later I cut myself AGAIN and this one was even worse. You could almost see five lines of blood on the point of my chin. I tossed the Fusion in the garbage, went back to the 3-blade, and wrote Gillette an e-mail to complain, to which they did not respond.  I've read all 60 reviews before mine, and was surprised to see that no one else reported this problem. Maybe it's my shaving technique, but this thing is a weapon 
It never ceases to amaze me how often Gillette comes out with new gimmicks to take more money from it's loyal clientele.  The Fusion is a classic example, from overpriced shaving gel to a much overpriced razor which quite honestly gives you the same shave as a Sensor Excel.  Don't buy into the hype, the Fusion is an expensive joke of a product. 
like many other negative reviews, i've experienced the same problems with this razor.  i guess less blades is more and i'm going back to the m3 power.  i'll be brief about the problems:  1.  there's more "pulling" when you shave.  it felt like the hair on my face was being pulled out than cut. 2.  the razor is harder to clean off. 3.  i would get slight razor burn and i never get razor burn. 4.  it's more expensive than other better razors out there.  so there you have it.  if you HAVE to try it out, hey it might work for you.  but please, keep your receipt (and packaging) in case you want to get a refund.*  *  if you're reading this is 2009, chances are that gillette's money back guarantee will no longer be around.  however, there will probably be a gillette razor with 12 blades by then 
Until I bought several weeks worth of Rayovac Alkaline D cells, I used Duracell Alkaline D cells.  Every week I run a 3-CD changer (JVC _CX-XC370) for 11 hours worth of water aerobic classes, at the same volume level (Volume #10), from Tuesday to Thursday.  The Duracells lasted all 11 hours (and might last even longer).  In contrast, these Rayovac D cells for the last three weeks (maybe four weeks) have consistently  died during the second half of the next-to-last class (after hour 9.5 and before hour 10). 
I took Passion RX because I am 31 years old and have a very low sex drive and no passion. I had great success the first week I took this product. In fact I was so pleased, I bought 2 more bottles. However, the second week, I went back to having no sex drive. And even though I am continuing to take Passion RX, it has not had any effect whatsoever since the first week.  I take 2 pills each day in the morning, and have done so for over a month.  I suppose everyone is different but I won't purchase any more. Plus I just saw a webpage from Consumer Health Digest that gives it low rating compared to other products: http://consumerhealthdigest.com/top25female.htm?source=overute/Passionrx&OVRAW=passion%20rx&OVKEY=passion%20rx&OVMTC=standar 
The bars look like mudpies, are very dry, and all three "flavors" taste the same, meaning that they don't have much flavor at all. I much prefer certain flavors of Balance bars. The only good thing about these Clif bars is that I don't get hungry for several hours after eating one 
I was very careful to not press down as instructed when cleaning CDs, yet I was left with light circular scratches and smudges untouched.  As for scratches, you may as well use toothpaste for all the good this will do you. The solution does not fill in even the lightest scratches. I tried it with several different scatches and discs and the result was the same. Multiple applications fared no better.  The disc I bought this for primarily is in worse shape than when I started 
Picked this up to try out because of the ratings & price. Didn't do a thing for me.  Wipe it on, let it haze and wipe it off.  No difference. 
This is the second one of these I've owned...my first one the screen went blank after about a month and a half...not an uncommon problem with this, I can see reading the other reviews...But I thought maybe it was just a problem with that particular pedometer, so I bought a second one...Big mistake!  As far as the radio, what a piece of crap.  I live about 20 minuters' drive from downtown Houston...maybe there are too many radio stations around here.  It just won't lock on to anything, not even the strongest stations.  Tons of static and stations fading in and out.  I bought a pedometer with a radio because I wanted a radio while I walked.  If you're selling a pedometer with a radio, the radio should work.  I would give this 0 stars if I could 
This product is worthless. Save yourself the hassle and frustration of trying to get the radio and readouts to work and buy something else.  I've never been able to get the radio to work properly and the counters have gone blank. I'm really surprised that Amazon continues to sell this item with such terrible reviews continuing to come in 
This was a piece of JUNK.  Neither my husband nor I could ever get it set correctly -- we wound up throwing it away, going to Target and buying one of their 10,000-Steps pedometer.  THAT works great 
Pedometer part is fine.  Radio part is useless 
I wanted to buy this for my daughter. I wanted to combine a traditional record book with fill-ins with my new scrapbooking hobby. The outside is precious, but once you open it, the pages are like a black and white newspaper material, and they have no structure what so ever. The pages are boring and don't look very durable 
This book is very nice and all but there is only one page each for the 1st . 2nd , and 3rd birthday and there are no lines to right on in the book only on some pages. So this book wasnt worth what i payed for it 
I loved the idea of the Clapper. I live alone so the clapping sound wouldn't bother me and I looked forward to the convenience factor. My first Clapper lasted about 4 months and then mysteriously stopped working, but the dead unit did smell suspiciously funny - like an electrical short. Did I learn my lesson? Oh, no! I went ahead and purchased another Clapper some months later. The night before last, the lamp I connected this one to started blinking. I checked the lightbulb and it was OK. It was only went I got down close to the Clapper plugged into the outlet that I heard the dreaded sizzling sound and saw a flash of electricity. Once again the Clapper crapped out, this time in a different lamp, different outlet. Will I never learn? Thank goodness nothing happened due to the highjinks of this faulty device. Can you say "housefire"? Again, how dumb am I? Is the unit UL-approved and, if so, have any other complaints been lodged about it? How does one find this out? I like my gadgets, but "buyer beware" on this one 
The product does not work as it is shown on TV.  There are very specific instructions on how it works and it is not so easy. The item was a gift that is now just gathering dust 
Much too rough and dry for our baby.  If you want to find good baby wipes I recommend the Pampers Sensitive wipes which are soft and moist. 
These wipes are very rough.  We bought these when our daughter was first born and I ended up not using them on her because she would scream everytime I used them.  If your baby has sensitive skin I would recommend the Huggies Newborn or the Huggies supreme wipes.  Wipe your face with one and you will see how scratchy they are.  Imagine how your baby's bottom feels afterward 
Oprah Winfrey and Kevin Costner the leading medical researchers in America think this is a great break through. Well gee, if they like it you must too. There is no scientific basis other than the nice school teachers "guarantee" that this works. After you pay 5-6 bucks for some fizzing tablets that taste kind of good you might think something is happening. Well it probably is, in your psyche. If that and Kevin Costner testimonials do it for you then go ahead. Can't seem to find the "guarantee" on their web site other than they will do their darndest to improve the product and you'll be the first to benefit 
I paid $45 for this aesthetically pleasing scale.  Sure it looks nice, but if it doesn't do its job, it's not much of an accessory for the bathroom.  It took me a while to figure out how the scale works.  There are a lot of beeps involved.  Essentially, to program your info, you start by pressing the mode button, adjust your height, press mode, adjust your age, press mode, select your gender, press mode, select between normal and athlete, press mode and you will hear a beep to confirm. Then to store, press either the up button for memory #s 1,3 and 5 or the down button for #s 2,4 and 6, press mode and there will be another beep to confirm.  Still with me?  If you just want your weight, you just step on the scale, but if you want to get your body fat and water %, you must press the up or down button to find your memory #, then press mode and wait for the beep before you step on the scale.  Now I don't know about you, but this procedure is a lot more cumbersome than any other scale I owned.  So fine, I've now figured out how to work the thing.  Getting even somewhat accurate results are another thing.  When I stepped on the scale, I would sometimes be surprised by the weight.  I didn't think I could gain 7 pounds in one day (I eat very healthy and my weight range is usually between 3-4 pounds).  But if you step on the scale again, like some other digital scales, it seems to remember your last weight and won't give you your real weight.  So I have to put some other object on it to get a reading and then the scale resets.  I step on the scale again and my weight is now 6 pounds less than the original reading!  The body water % didn't fluctuate too much and the body fat % was 3% higher than the reading on the last scale I owned (Conair Thinner brand).  All in all, I am returning this scale and going back to the drawing board in finding something that is even the least bit accurate. 
The slippers look nice and smell great.  They were difficult for me to get on my feet.  The lining was too restrictive.  Once they were on, they were very awkward and uncomfortable to take any steps. It's unlikely that I will ever use them on my feet.  I will only use the inserts for aromatherapy 
The item pictured here is not what you will receive. You will receive a different model that has a different external and possibly internal design. Most important is that the model you get will NOT have the little orange change filter indicator. This very important feature takes the guess-work out of when to change the filter. Don't buy this item from this seller if you expect to get what is pictured. Thanks, pj-berk 
I bought this with the notion that I would be receiving what was pictured: the filters that have a built in replacement gauge.  OOPS!  What I ended up with was the cheaper, replace every two month whether they need it or not filters.  Oh well, whats a little customer service when there's a buck to be made.  Not like it's FALSE ADVERTISING TO SEND PEOPLE A CHEAPER PRODUCT THEN WHAT THEY THOUGHT THEY WERE GETTING 
It is a great disappointment with Amazon when it pushed to sell a product, WES9006PC replacement inner blade and outer foil combination for pro curve linear shavers without indicating that they are not compatible with the Panasonic ES8162S Pro Curve Elite Convex Wet/Dry shaver I purchased. Amazon displaced those two products next to each other as though if I made a purchase those products together I would save money. Now I was forced to buy one more shaver that would be compatible with WES9006PC replacement. 
I bought this from ioniczone themselves. IT does not work. I kept it on for an entire month, the filter was never dirty at all. Also, this unit is extremely small, the pic is rather misleading  I was however able to return the unit to the office in NV, had to make 2 phone calls and the person was very polite.  I went on to buy one from IonicPro,and what a difference it was, filters requires cleaning every 10 days or so and it was really dirty. 
This product has not been certified that the harmful mercury has been distilled out.  By chance I read an article today in the Jan. 16 issue of Time by Andrew Weil, M.D. He advises strongly that fish oil be mercury free. Weil also lists the mercury free fish species to buy. He recommends Anarctic krill oil. Amazon has it but it is expensive.  I guess I'll throw out the almost full bottle of Nature Made. Read up on it. Mercury is bad stuff 
There are two thing that I don't like about this set. The curlers get too hot to handle and the lid isn't attached to the base which is very inconvenient. I wouldn't recommend them 
I own a Swiffer Wet Jet, and I am sorry I wasted my money. I don't know how effective this is on other surfaces, but I use it for my Brazilian Chestnut Hardwood Floors. Along with the cleaning solution that Swiffer markets for Hardwood. I use this product exactly as instructed and my beautiful hardwood floors costing over $40,000 come up with smears and smudges like you wouldn't believe. I realize that this is a cheap quick fix for dirty floors, but when you add in the fact that you contnually have to buy pads and cleaning solutions, it really isn't all that inexpensive the ONLY thing this product has gong for it is it's convienence, and technically, since I have to go over all of the floors again after using it to get rid of the smears and smudges, it really isn't that convienient either. So really this product is a BIG DUD for Hardwood floors at least. 
When I bought this I had gotten sick of using a mop and bucket and really needed something faster. It doesn't cut it for a few reasons:  1. Solution left a streaky, dull floor. Mop & Glo with water works MUCH better.  2. Bottle only lasted 3 times for a very small kitchen.  3. Need to put batteries in the device (something I didn't realize when I bought it).  4. Not "cleaner than a mop." If you have a heavy-traffic floor like I do, you'd have to use about 3 clean pads on the floor to keep from pushing dirt around. A mop at least can be rinsed.  5. Bottle is impossible to refill. I might have stuck with it if I could have replaced the solution with a water/Mop & Glo mix, but they have the bottle fixed so you can't.  *sigh* I'm actually considering spending the $$$ for a "Scooba." We have a Roomba vac for the living room and it is a dream. If you want something fast, stick with "Swiffer Wet." No batteries, no solution to refill 
I've got a small bit of hardwood space in my apartment, and I figured this would suit my mopping needs.  It hasn't.  Even after sweeping the area multiple times prior to using the WetJet, I've found that it doesn't really pick any dirt up.  What I wind up with is a polished floor with a lot of small piles of dirt everywhere.  I'm even using the "special" hardwood floor solution- it isn't making a difference.  I don't recommend this product for anything other than polishing a floor (and there are probably better solutions for that as well) 
I was looking forward to get the massager, which I was for a while searching. But I regret to inform you that I could use this item for only 2 times @ 15 minutes. After the it didn't work. (the light on the adapter do not work) I'm glad that I can express this. 
I bought this item and returned it after it stopped working after two days. The massages were not that strong and I feel it was not a good buy even though the price at Amazon was way lower than most places. I have since bought another product and it is much nicer 
I bought this cushion because I had to move from California to New York and expected the drive to be torture on my back. I researched these types of cushions and decided to get this one because it has a lot of motors compared to cheaper units, and because I had recently bought a Mogu pillow and really liked the soft feel of it--this cushion has "Sqush," which has a similar feel.The cushion has a middle portion of Sqush which is concentrated into 3 "lumps"--at your shoulders, lower back, and under the front part of your thighs, near your knees. The lumps are soft and squishy and are covered in a spandex-like material. The rest of the cushion feels like fleece.When I first plugged it in, I was immediately disappointed in the weakness of the wimpy motors. Even at the highest intensity (I never even bother with the lower two), it felt like nothing more that a moderate vibration--definitely not enough to un-knot an aching back. The pre-set programs are fine but I rarely use them. It comes with straps but I had a hard time trying to install it in my car because the instructions were non-existent and it wasn't intuitive at all. I ended up just attaching them to some hardware on the underside of the chair, which worked well.I can't decide if the cushion made the drive any more bearable. The lower back cushioning filled my lumbar region fine but the shoulder padding must be too thick because it pushed my shoulders forward and forced me into a slight hunched position which strained my back and made it hurt. The thigh cushioning made it slightly difficult to slide into the seat because it effectively raises the level of the seat (my car doesn't have fancy seat controls) and I had to wedge myself into the seat. The massaging feature was helpful because it was a fun thing to do on a boring drive and it helped a little to keep the circulation going, but it simply wasn't powerful enough to be really effective. The worse thing is that the thigh motor DIED only a few hours into my trip!! It has a 2 year warranty, but you have to pay a $5 "handling" fee! I'm mad at myself for throwing away the box because if I hadn't, I'd return it to Amazon and wash my hands of it.Overall, this cushion is underpowered, unreliable, and not as orthopedically correct as it should be. It is definitely not worth the outrageous price. I regret not buying a simple lumbar cushion instead. I wish I had saved my money for Homedic's highly rated Shiatsu seat cushion instead, although I'm somewhat leary of their product reliability now 
i ordered it because i have a couple friends that love it. Well, i really don't care for it. And now i can't find the return sticky label to return it and i'm really bummed about that because it cost $55!! maybe if you could help me with that, that would be great! thanks Beck 
Absolutely no power whatsoever. If you have true back or shoulder pain you are better off with a hand massage or standing under the shower. No power at all in this machine. 
I bought this monitor because it was affordable and I thought it would be an easier and faster way to check my BP regularly.  It is easy to use, but I got much different readings than the readings I got from my arm cuff, the Dr and several other sources. I returned it and will stick with what works for me 
This thing is unbelievably lame. It doesn't massage. It vibrates. Y'all have sat in massage chairs before at Sharper Image or Brookstone. They can be really good, with kneading balls that roll around giving a surprisingly deep back massage.  This thing doesn't even resemble those chairs. Trust me. I am sitting in one now. It is my main office chair. I have not turned on the "massage" function, or even plugged it in, since about three days after I bought it.  The "massage" feature is more like an annoy feature. It just shakes you around a bit, but doesn't actually feal good in any way. 
Old Spice is a great-smelling cologne and I've worn it for years. My dad wore it when I was growing up and I remember he almost always smelled of it. It's a great cologne for lean, athletic guys who love retro; it's been around for decades and is a classic for masculine men. It takes a certain type of guy to pull off wearing the stuff. The smell really draws attention to a guy so he better keep his body hard and fit if he wants that type of attention, otherwise he'll just be annoying. Old Spice Cologne actually smells better if you let it age in the bottle for a long time; exposing it to heat helps to age it (leave a bottle in the car or attic in the summertime or outside in your tool building). Trust me, it smells awesome if you let it age. I meant to rate this a five star but hit the wrong toggle. I'm proud to say I'm carrying on the tradition of wearing Old Spice cologne. It's  not nerdy and it's not just for older men. It's a cologne for any masculine guy. It smells great 
I did not get the Instructional DVD, so I was left with a clipper set I didn't know how to use.. 
I bought this to save money and time on trips to the barber every two weeks for my son's fast growing hair.  He's got thick hair that we like to keep "buzzed" short.  The first time I used the clippers, he complained that they really pull at the hair.  I realized they were jamming up with each strip of hair I buzzed.  The little trimmer that is included never jammed but still pulled at his hair.  I've decided to send it back.  Reasonably priced but not worth the pain.  NOT RECOMENDED FOR THICK HAIR 
So I bought two of these bottles, got them home, and discovered the first time I used them that every time you take a sip of water, they SQUEAL like a drowning mouse. It was unbelievably embarassing. The store refused to take them back, so I contacted the company directly...and ended up in a back-and-forth email exchange with an extremely rude person in customer servide who insisted I was WRONG, that the bottles didn't squeal and I was just using them incorrectly. She offered to replace the caps after I wrote back and explained that it was a WATER BOTTLE, for God's sake, "using" it wasn't exactly rocket science. BUT she'd only replace them AT MY EXPENSE, which after shipping worked out to be almost what the bottles originally cost. DO NOT BUY THESE BOTTLES! Try one of the fine products at Gaiam or  New Wave Enviro 
I hate this product. I receive it as a gift, and all the products are not adapted for babies, plus, looks very cheap! 
It's kind of bulky for a diaper bag, which is why I got it.  The clippers are not good quality.  The thermometer is cheap.  It has a little "f" for fahrenheit that blinks until it is done reading.  The "f" is very little and hard to see when trying to hold a squirming 5-week old.  It also takes a while to read 
The only thing that I have really used out of it has been the nail clippers. Otherwise, I wasted the money on it and could have put it towards something more useful.  Well, I guess you and learn.  It was my first baby, everything looks great and needed 
Ok, I'll admit, the nail clippers rock.  I have no problem using them, they are sharp, cut evenly and are the perfect width.  That said, throw everything else out.  The bulb syringe is useless, keep the one that you get from the hospital.  Get an ear thermometer, it's a heck of a lot easier.  The spoon...not even going there.  The med dropper isn't easy enough to use.  My suggestion?  Go find a syringe with a cork attachment.  You take the top off the bottle, push the cork attachment into the opening.  To use, flip back the attached lid and put the med syringe into the opening, flip the bottle over and draw the med into the syringe.  This is the best way to do it. 
This is a nice idea, but the individual components are poor in quality. The nasal aspirator doesn't get enough suction. Of course, I've never found an aspirator at the store that did work as well as the one we got from the hospital. Do yourself a favor and just ask for an extra one before you're discharged from the hospital. Second, the thermometer takes FOREVER to get a reading, and it doesn't beep or anything to let you know it's finished. The clippers are okay, but I've definitely used better ones that were just a buck or two. Never used the medicine dropper because the pharmacy gives you one for free when you get a prescription, and other baby medications (Tylenol, Motrin, PediaCare, etc) come with their own specially calibrated dispensers. The medicine spoon? Give me a break. My daughter balked at that one the one time I did try to use it 
We got this for our shower. Our son is now 2 and the only thing we've used is the nail clippers. Which I actually really like the shape of them cause they are a lot easier to hold then just the tiny clippers, especially if baby starts to squirm a little. I couldn't even tell you where the rest of it is. The spoon thing and dropper for the medicine is cheap and useless. Any baby medication you buy you'll get a dropper for which works way better. The bulb didn't work well at all, just keep the one you get in the hospital, those work best! And if my little guy was sick he didnt appreciate having to sit still while I tried to take his temp. I recomend a therma scan for that. Just a quick beep in the ear and your good to go.  So basicly, I would recommend to pass on this item and just get a pair of nail clippers. 
      Pure junk.  I've tried this several times.  It doesn't repair  scratches but covers the lens with a sheet of clear gunk.  The first trick is to spread the material evenly and smoothly over the surface.  And the second trick is to try to get your money back. The method of spreading it evenly is not well worked out by the product makers. 
but leaves a lot to be desired in practice.  Just get a small electric or hand crank food processor.  This is not worth your time 
Just received two of these. Yes, how dumb of me to buy two not knowing much about it.  The quality of the casing is really poor.  The plastic is very flimsy feeling.  The labels were all half-way peeled off upon opening the box. They show signs of just simply being really old.  The instructions are written in many languages which is fine, but there are things they fail to tell you.  I also ordered the Juice AA 4 pack and 2 of the batteries arrived dead. The charger blinks red with those batteries, but the instructions do not even bother telling you what a blinking red light means.  If you go to the juicebattery website, they do not mention this product anywhere.  Not even when you search for it. A good chance this is a fly-by discontinued product.  The company themselves have not responded to by blinking light question for 3 days now.  As with many things, made in CHINA!  I got a few more days yet before I need to return them via Amazon's return policy which as we all know, ROCKS! 
I love this turban. It enables me to dry my hair without wearing a huge towel on my head. It's lightweight and extremely absorbant. I have been using one for more than 5 years. I'll never go back to usung a regular towel for my hair 
It warms ok, not great. But the worst thing is, the massage is LOUD! I work at home, in my basement, where it gets cold, and was thrilled to get this to keep my feet warm, and was excited to get massage too. However, I can't use the massage feature while I am on the phone - it is way too loud. And there is no control on the heating element, just on and off. A disappointment. I still use the heat feature, but also wear thick socks 
This product does not massage at all......just vibrates.  I have it under my desk at work and RARELY use it.  Very disappointing 
It looks alot better than it works. Very bad vibrations 
Does not measure up to the Shihatsu 110 AC messager, which actually works. This unit has multiple vibrating buzzers. I could not feel the heat. The motors turned on high create an odd noise much like the kids' giant bass speakers 
This is my first purchase that I have been unhappy with.  The tingler arrived with two of the tingles off.  Attempts to put them back on were unsuccessful.  I had attempted to email customer service three separate times and have received no response.  I would appreciate either a refund or a new one sent to my address.  Jon Fresh 2716 NE Lorie Dr. Hillsboro, Or 97124.  The tingler was to be part of a massage Christmas gift for my wife.  I would appreciate your time in this matter.  Thanks,  Jon Fres 
While the pedal exerciser mechanically works fine, the plastic or something on it smells so bad it is not pleasant to keep inside.  I have had it for several weeks now and it has not gotten better.  I called their customer hotline and was told they know about it but don't have any solutions.  I asked if they had a website I could check periodically to see if they had come up with something and was told to call back in 2-3 months.  Right. 
Don't waste your time and money on this product.  I have gone thru 3 of these in the last 6 months, two in the last week.  All of them have had defective switches.  Amazon should not sell this product the quality of the switches is unacceptably poor. 3/13/0 
I ordered one and had it arrive totally broken. Amazon sent a replacement. That too was defective. Save your time/money and buy another, maybe in person. I'm not convinced that hair dryers survive shipping.  (Amazon is giving me a refund including shipping, so there's not a problem there. 
I also had the heater on mine go out after a few short months.  I REALLY loved this machine though!  It actually blew air!  And it has the nice SAFE switches unlike the toggles that most have now.  I had one of those previously and my cats turned it on while I was gone and almost burned the place down.  So anyway, I'm trying to contact the manufacturer, but I doubt it will do any good.  Too bad.  Loved it while it worked.  Hoped it was a fluke and was going to order another before I saw the reviews 
I figured for the price, how could you go wrong? Well my fiancee used this hairdryer at most 5 times a week and in less than 3 months it has now quit working altogether. No HOT air, No Cold air...NOTHING!! This Item looks like a great deal..but Save your $$$ and buy something that will last you longer than 2-1/2 months. The manufacturer should be ashamed to sell such a product! 
This is not one of the best hair dryers I've had.  At best, it's average.  The nozzle is too long, and the concentrator attachment is fixed at horizontal.  I like attachments that can rotate so that I can change the angle to reach different parts of my hair.  The ionic feature makes no difference to the length of drying time or texture of my hair.  After using this hair dryer for 1 yr and 3 mths (about 3X a week), the switch for heat settings is now loose.  The dryer only blows cool air even though I slide the switch for higher temperatures.  My rating has gone from average to below average 
You sent it to the wrong address. I never recieved it.. I spent hours and hours trying to get the address corected.. Then I spent hours and days trying to cancell the order.. Your customer service rates a D- !!! to say the least. finally I got a credit for the Item. But you wouldn't give me credit for the shipping!!  I was RIPPED OFF. 
These glasses arrived yesterday and are the cheapest, poorly made, and most awkward glasses I have ever tried on. They are uncomfortable and look and feel as if they were purchased in the 10 cent bin at the local dollar store. Pure garbage. Don't waste your money.  [...] I can't imagine that any consumer would think of these in a positive manner. 
This product is not even directionally accurate.  It said that my body fat percentage was 10% higher than actual.  Then my fit brother tried it and it said that he had 25% body fat.  Perhaps we had a lemon, but I am taking this back because it is very inaccurate.  In fact, this is the first review I have ever written because I want to warn people about this product.  Please do not waste your money 
The first time I tried to use this tool the spring came off and would not reattach.  The screw holding the spring on was defective.  What a dissappointment!! 
I had such high hopes for this hair dryer -- well-known brand, diffuser with long "fingers" just like I prefer, etc.  Well the first time I used it my hair looked like I had been through a wind tunnel!  The low setting is like most other hair dryers' high settings, even with the diffuser on.  It really blasts the air out!  I have wavy/lightly curly hair and it made my hair a frizzy mess.  This dryer may be fine for people with straight hair, but I definitely do not recommend it for people with wavy or curly hair 
I was very disappointed in this dryer and am returning it.  It is very heavy and I am not a weakling!  It is also very big.  With my arm stretched out all the way I can barely get it to my head.  Because it is so heavy and big I have 'banged' myself on the head with the 'fingers'.  Just things to consider when deciding whether to buy this dryer.  
Razor blades are expensive enough as it is, and the trend of "more is better" has reached almost ludicrous points in the industry.  What's that?  Five blades, you say?  Why, it must be better than four!  Meh.  I have fine stubble which grows in at varying angles across my neck.  The good news is that, while other razors have always been unable to remove all of my stubble on the first try, this blade does, in fact, take care of the problem.  In addition to this, it aggravated the skin quite a bit (this might have as much to do with the vibrating action as with the five blades).  The precious soothing-aloe strip had little to no effect on my skin (particularly in the neck area).  If you have sensitive skin at all, this might not be the razor for you.  Contrary to the experience of others, however, the extra "trimming" blade worked well for me when getting the spots along the edge of my mouth, under my nose, and when shaping my vast hedge-like sideburns.  However, the five blades on the other side dulled remarkably fast.  Considering my rather fine hairs, I'm used to exchanging blades once every week or so.  Now I'm exchanging them twice a week.  Seeing as how this product is already so much more expensive than competitors' products, and seeing as how it is designed to work exclusively with the Fusion razor (and vice versa), and seeing as how its lavish wealth of cutting action has clawed at my skin, I find it hard to recommend 
I began using Gillette's Mach 3 razor when it first came on the market, and was very happy with it (until recently...) The original Mach 3 would give consistently good, smooth shaves, and worked well for about six or seven times until it dulled and began to give rough shaves. That was an excellent product. However, with the introduction of the new Fusion razor, the Mach 3 suddenly became much less effective and the shaves I was getting were much rougher.  I had heard about the Fusion and decided to try it instead, figuring may that Gillette was trying to "migrate" its users towards the Fusion by downgrading their reliable old product, putting all their new design juice behind the newer model. I was shocked by what a shoddy, difficult product the Fusion razor turned out to be. I went from getting several good shaves per razor to, well... none. I'm lucky with the Fusion to get two decent shaves per cartridge -- usually it roughs my skin up on the very first pass, and it doesn't cut my beard back right to the skin the way the Mach 3 used to.  What's the deal? Did Gillette decide they no longer wanted to provide a quality product? That they'd rather have customers have to buy a new razor right away, rather than have us use the same cartridge a few times before needing to buy another one? If so, that marks a huge change in their corporate policy, from giving us a quality product to basically shoving customers around and trying to rip us off. I know they *can* make a great razor -- they used to -- but if Gillette has decided to stop doing a good job, then forget it. So much for my customer loyalty. I'll either switch brands or stop shaving until there's another razor on the market that provides comparable quality to the old Mach 3 
I've been kinda exclusive to Remington MS3's for a few years. They've just been had inexpensively here and there so that's the main reason I've stuck it out. But in all honesty, these seem to cost me more than I've thought in the past.  Like other reviews have stated, this razor takes effort to get close. Hair does collect on the foils and thus as I've noticed, causes the blades to bind on stubble. I'm a patient person, not usually in a hurry to shave, so again not too big a deal after a quick cleaning.  But here's the weakness: the foils are like paper, and flake holes in them.  I just purchased the 2700 right before the holidays for about 25 bucks (a good deal I thought for a microscreen 3). My other 0003 was shot and running on a foil or two (once a hole developed, and I'd rashed up my neck accidentally, I removed the bad foil). I'd bought one foil pack before and gradually went through those. So I thought a new unit was the trick.  Well, now just three months later, the new 2700 has burned through two foils and is down to two (used a foil from the 0003 when the first went out). My bathroom is riddled with these things. My patience is now out and I'm headed back to an old faithful: Braun 
When the internal rechargable battery dies so does the unit. The power cord will not power the shaver once the battery can no longer hold a charge.   You cannot replace the regargable battery yourself! Sending the unit for factory repair after its warranty will cost you more than buying a new one. As for the shave: not bad, but not exceptional either. The cutters a very tiny, not built to last, and are not durable. All rechargable batteries have a limited life depening on conditions on how they are used. This shaver may last you a few months - a year, 2 to 3 years will be a stretch.  I also have a braun and a norelco, the norelco is 10years old and running fine, the braun is 15 years - both have original cutters and foil - I heavy duty clean them in 97% alchohol about once a year, and brush out debris about once every 7 uses, these units dont have batteries and this is why I purchased the remington to have acess when there is no power plug available. The Remington shaver really needs to have it's cutter blades cleaned (brushed off or washed) after every use (what a Pain)! I find this shaver to be a waste of money as it is more akin to being a disposable electric shaver - than one that will last 
I've been using this shaver for almost a year, and am disappointed with it.  For years, I've used the older style Remingtons shaped like a rectangular prism. I suppose this new shape is intended to fit the hand better, but I never got used to it. I find myself supporting the shaver with my other hand because I feel like I'll drop it otherwise.  The big problem is with the screen. Try very hard to avoid letting your skin come in contact with the edge of the screen. Otherwise, the blades will bite you and sometimes draw blood.  To clean, it is easy enough to remove the screen assembly, but getting it back on is tricky. If not very careful, it goes on unevenly and gets stuck. With practice, it usually works the first time.  The funniest thing about this shaver is the plug that plugs into the wall. It looks like a cutting-edge state-of-the-art plug from the 1920s 
I don't know where Amazon got these cases of All Small & Mighty, Free Clear.  I use the same product all the time purchased from my local superstores and grocery stores and love it.  From my local retailers the product has no scent and is the consistency of shampoo.  The Amazon case is gelatinous and smells like latex paint.  It also disturbed me that the bottles are packaged differently than the local store version.  At the store they have a shrink wrap label and a large cap for a dripless spout.  The Amazon case has sticker labels on the same shape bottle and a small cap on a non-dripless spout.  At first I called the manufacturer.  Their customer service seemed concerned but then managed to drop my call.  So I decided to use it.  I do not notice any difference in the cleanliness level of my clothes.  I would not purchase this again from Amazon.  The price is not that great to overcome the odd differences.  I will, however, continue to purchase this product from my local retailers 
This morning I spilled coffee on my "million dollar" white dress shirt.  It left me with three large coffer stains.  I remembered that I had my Tide To Go in the car.  After drenching the stains with the solution and rubbing them per the directions, most of the coffee stains had disappeared....what remained, however, were large coffee colored rings at the edges of where the solution had spread.  So, most of the coffee stain was gone, but I'm left with the unsightly rings...not quite as noticeable, but there're still there.     
These glasses were a bit of a disappointment.  The convenience was out weighed by the uncomfortable fit - they were really snug with no possibility of adjustment.  And actually they were annoying with how they hung when not in use.  Great idea but maybe some "fine tuning" would help...like a more flexible strap rather than the plastic frame just being super long to go around your neck. 
it works, but it takes a long time to really trim it down.  very low power, made of plastic.  i don't recommend this product 
This product just doesn't cut my nose hair as close as the Panasonic it replaced. If I could remember the model of the Panasonic, I would mention it in this review. I hope I can find the manual for the Panasonic so I can get another one.  Beware that many of the new designs are going this rout (even Panasonic). The manufacturers are saying this allows for more natural filtration, but I think its more of a liability issue on their part (someone probably got sued for a nicked nose). I just won't buy their products anymore if they're going to design them for marginal performance 
This item does not work.  It does absolutely nothing.  I bought one and then was sent a second one. Neither one works.  It was a gift and I felt so bad that I gave someone a gift that didn't work 
As far as I can tell, even after following directions to the letter, I found the readings to be wildly inaccurate. For example, in the morning I got a reading of 89 over 79.  In the afternoon it was 188 over 155.  Then a bit later it was 155 over 150, nearly a flat line indicating death.  At my doctor's the reading was a very normal 118 over 78.  It's a wonder this little machine didn't cause me to keel over just from shock.  I don't recommend it to anyone. Mine is on its way back to Amazon 
This unit has all marketing features, Date, Time,  Memory stores up to 48 prior readings by date & time, but there is one problem its not acurate. My Doctor said Wrist Cuffs can be -10% off just because of taking the reading at the wrist and not on the arm next to the heart, just like taking your bp on the right arm. The further from you heart the lower your readings. Example: The doctor takes my BP then I take it with the cuff monitor  He/she sys its 110/56 54 beats/min where this one reads 151/93 60 beats/min. We tried it several times and each time it was incorrect. So he told me not to use it.  I bought a simular unit, no date, time on the screen, but stores 99 prior readings, tested again with the doctor's nurse and found it to be within limits. She said you never get the same reading twice in a row. Some nurses & doctor's even take three readings and take the average. 
The seams on the pillow are sharp and uncomfortable.  The extra pouches that supposedly provide additional support don't measure up.  THe snaps that should hold the ends together don't work.  Basically, it would be OK if it came with a soft cover 
I ordered these slippers as a gift. To my embarassment, the gift never arrived. I received an email stating that the slippers were backordered. Weeks later I received another email stating it would be an indefinite time before the product would be available. I just cancelled the order. I am defiitely an UN-Happy customer. 
I am an African American woman with long, chemically relaxed hair. As a full-time undergraduate student, I cannot afford to visit the salon on a weekly basis. I purchased this flat iron on a whim at the market because my previous flat iron had recently shorted out (it was an older model with no swivel cord). I chose this flat iron because it was the same brand as my last one, and I was overwhelmingly satisfied with its performance. I cannot say the same for this product.  In retrospect, it does exactly what it claims to do, but nothing beyond that. With my previous flat iron, I could straighten and style my layered hair at the same time, which significantly cut the amount of heat and damage my hair had to endure. Any attempts to style my hair were underwhelming to say the least. After using the flat iron, my hair looked fizzy and unkempt, and even a bit damaged. Any curls I managed to produce looked undefined and limp. It was by chance that I purchased a curling iron in addition to the flat iron, and was able to successfully style my hair after wrapping my hair overnight and applying frizz control serum.  Needless to say, you won't be able to produce that "fresh from the salon" look with this flat iron, which is sadly exactly what I needed. I do not feel confident about my hair when stepping out of the house after using this product. If you don't use this tool for anything but sleek, straight looks and have a bottle of frizz serum handy, then this is a great product for you. While I am not happy with its results, it will have to do for now. I'll be saving for a better iron while praying that straightening AND curling my hair doesn't leave it severely damaged. 
I bought this straightener TWO times..the first time i had it for about 8 months. My friend had bought the straightener and I fell in love, so I bought my own. The first 8 months were heaven. I straightened my hair all the time. Then, at 8 months, one of the plates stopped working! For a while i used it, but it took forever, and didn't straighten my hair well at all. I decided to buy another, thinking that it was just a defect on the first. I bought the other and it didn't work nearly as well as I had remembered! In fact, it stopped heating up all together within 3 months!! Another friend of mine bought this same straightener and it caused problems for her as well. We have both decided against buying this one again, obviously, and I would reccommend you do, too. I have heard that the newest Conair straightener is wonderful, and comes with a two-year warranty, so I wouldn't have to pay again, if it did the same thing to me that this one did. DON'T BUY IT! unless, of course, you enjoy being ripped-off.. 
with in the first 4 days and only 3 uses my bottom plate was already flaking ...it catches your hair and the only to get it out is to pull which does hurt ....it works ok the first couple of times but i find i am scared to put it on a high temp cuz i dont want it to flake so if you have 30$ and you want this product keep saving and get a better one ....this product is not worth your time 
I have gone through 3 of these straighteners (i know, you think I would have learned!) however, my first one was lost, my second one stopped working in a matter of months, and the third one stop working in less than a month!! I purchased the third one (despite what happened with the second one I had bought) because it was an affordable price, I liked the size, and when the second one I had did work it worked well. Unfortunately in a matter of a few weeks one of the plates burned out so only one side works (causing obvious problems). I would recommend the sedu it has gotten great reviews and is more expensive, but I think when it comes to straighteners you get what you pay for 
This product hurts and ripps out your hair when you use it. It also leaves ur hair smelling burn't and smokey. When you go out and it is humid ur hair will go back to its normal self and get very frizzy. The only good thing is that it does not break easily 
I've had this straightener for about 3 months - I loved it at first but now it's a love/hate relationship. The "gold" plating has started to flake off and is getting worse with each use. The effect, my hair has gold flakes that closely resemble dandriff! To make matters worse my hair snags in the corners of the plates. I gave it two stars because it does straighten my thick frizzy hair, something that is hard to do! This is the second store brand straightener I've purchased with poor results. Save your $$$ and buy a professional model from a hairdresser - it's cheaper in the long run 
 It made my skin very dry and break out because of it. My floormate had the same reaction. We were both very disappointed.  I recommend going for VitaClear which i tried before this product and is less expensive than ProActiv although it is a little more expensive than this. 
i bought this stuff trying to save a few bucks b/c it claims to be better than proactiv. after using proactiv for a month, then trying this stuff, acnefree doesn't compare to proactiv. granted, this is better than a bar of soap, but it's definately worth spending the extra $20 to get proactiv. 
I am in my early 30's and never had a problem with acne until my mid 20's.  I had been using proactiv for quite some time (5 years or so) and it worked pretty well.  I say pretty well since it did clear my face some, but my face has not been totally clear in a long time.  Along comes AcneFree which is "better" than Proactiv since you can buy it locally and it contains more of the active ingredient--cool, I am sick of ordering it online and it is cheaper!  Well, I guess you get what you pay for--I don't consider myself to have particularly sensitive skin, but I used AcneFree one time in the morning.  So far so good--until 2 am the next morning when I broke out in hives all over my entire body.  So no more AcneFree for me, just wanted to give my experience for anyone who might be in the same situation 
Woolite bags waste of money.  Plan on sewing in your own zipper, cause the one that comes on it will fail probably within the first 4 uses.. maybe the 1st.  Keit 
I would give this product negative 50 stars if I could. I paid beaucoup for several very plain bras (no lace or other embelishments) and didn't wear or wash the bras until I received the BraBaby.  I assumed the BraBaby would protect my bras in the wash, as that's what the product claims to do. Imagine my suprise when I pulled my bras out of the washer (and out of their respective "Bra Demolition Cages") to find them RUINED.  I'm talking not wearable.   The straps of both brand new, never worn, previously mint condition bras were hanging out all over the place and looked like they had been chewed by an animal.  Both bras had dents in the molded cups.  Then I saw that one of the bras had two noticeable rips on the cup!  I nearly flipped out! I think my bras would've been better "washed" had I thrown them into the center of a pack of rabid fighting mad dogs.  The only positive thing to report is that Amazon refunded my money. Back to hand washing my bras and back to the mall I go to replace the ripped bra.  Perhaps the other with it's dented cups will be suitable for Halloween? 
I found this product after seeing it lauded on The Today Show and it appeared to be a GREAT idea.  However, I had a lot of difficulty getting the back and strap porting of the bra into the BraBABY and they were pretty tangled when I later took the bras out.  I also have to wonder how a larger bra would work, considering I'm merely a B cup and it was a tight fit.  In theory, I think it's an excellent idea.  In truth, I think it still needs work.  Additionally, although the advertisement claims that you can put them in the dryer, one out of two of mine opened in the dryer both times I've used them - even drying on gentle cycle.  It did maintain the shape of the cup and the underwire throughout the wash spin cycle - a plus.  I hope they keep working on the strap and ease of insertion issue 
I bought this product with great expectations that it would save my not-so-inexpensive Victoria Secret bras from excessive wear in the washing machine. It does do this, though the product is not very user friendly when your bra is fairly large cupped. I suppose if you have smaller cupped bras, this device works wonderfully. As for the larger DD or bigger cups, you have to tuck and there is a large overlap on the smaller interior ball. Also, another problem I have found is that the larger cups with underwire are REALLY hard to use with this ball. Again, due to the size of the larger cups. Otherwise, I would think that this is a great product for use with smaller cupped bras 
It did what it was supposed to do, and my bras came out of the wash without any weird creases.  However, some bras hold up better in the washing machine than others, and I think the one I put into the BraBABY was one of the more durable ones. While it does what it's supposed to, it definitely is not easy to use.  I had difficulty putting a B-size cup in without squishing the bra.  The clasp is also badly designed.  If it breaks, it's not a big deal to tie the outer ball closed, but the whole thing is poorly engineered.  I think it was made even harder seeing as how I tried using the BraBABY with a front-closing racer back. In the end, I think it would have been easier and just as effective to use a lingerie bag. I don't recommend this product 
The BraBaby does not function as claimed.  The wholething came apart with the first wash.  This device isway too flimsy 
It's good for its purpose but not resistant. The lock that close the ball broke in the first use when I tried to open. The other one worked fine. It's a cheap plast material, could be better and more resistant. But for now it's ok since there is no other solutions for my bras. Besides, this product is for medium and small bras. Who has large sizes will have difficult to fit the bra in the produc 
I saw that there were mixed reviews for this product before I bought it, but I decided to take a chance on it anyway. Unfortunately, both balls broke their first time through the wash. My bras fell out and got squished and creased. Don't buy this!! 
I used this cream for three weeks, two times a day and it did make some part of my circles lighter- from brown it went to pink. But I skipped one day and it all went back. You pretty much have to be tied to it and keep using it two times a day 
This is the first time in my life I have been inspired to come online and write a review of a product.  When I first saw the ad for this on TV, I thought it sounded like just what I needed.  I rushed to the store, but it wasn't even on sale yet.  Finally I found it yesterday at walgreen's- and I hate to say- it stinks!  I have just below shoulder length curly hair.  I generally throw in some gel and let it air dry- I hate spending a lot of time on my hair.  But once in a while I straighten it- which involves blow dry with a round brush, and then using a ceramic flatiron to finish.  I am not very good with a hair dryer, and it takes me a long time and I find it awkward managing the brush and the dryer, and I don't do a very good job.  Plus then I need to use the iron too, and it takes me a good 30-45 min total.  So I thought this product would be great.  All in one! A time-saver! Easier to use!  Well, I was wrong.  First of all, it took about twice as long just to dry my hair as it would with my hairdryer.  It's not very powerful.  Next, it was barely straight!  Even on the "4" setting, there wasn't much tension at all.  It left my hair puffy and frizzy and barely straight.  So after an hour, I had hair that was not as straight as if I had just dried it alone- and I still needed to use the flatiron.  Don't be fooled.  It will NOT give you the flat sleek hair that they picture on the box.  I just hope I can return it. Guess I will stick with my CHI iron for now.  I *might* try the "long hair" version of this dryer to see if that's any better 
These are just OK, not great. I have 2 pairs of the clic readers and I love them. The sunglasses, however, are not as sturdy, the adjustment feature does not work on my pair and I just cannot endorse them. I am disappointed as I am a huge fan of the clic readers and could not wait for the sunglasses. It's a shame 
First, ou can barely tell this product makes a change in humidity levels in the room. Secondly, it is extremely noisy and interferes with baby monitor 
this item is rubbish... it leaks, quite dangerous since water and electricity don't mix. i got it, plugged it in filled it 3/4 full and had to stop cause water was all over my floor. i have already packed it up and will return it asap 
We have three of these humidifiers, the elephant, the penguin and the cow.  Have had them for 6 months or so.  In the last two weeks, both the penguin and cow have stopped working all together and the elephant is the sole survivor.  When we got them, I thought they were amazing, quiet and did the job. Now I am deciding if I should go out and buy two more or pick another brand.  Oh and be careful, I think the steam from my sons killed his DVD player on his TV as it gets caked with the white stuff.... 
I purchased this towel warmer for my wife.  She has been very disappointed.  It simply does not get hot enough to heat towels so she has stopped using it.   I would not recommend it to anyone. 
When I opened the trimmer, one of the attachments broke when I attempted to remove the cover... If I can't return it to Amazon, I will throw it into my garbage 
This Water Jet has a button on the handle just like the WaterPic. You push it to temporarily stop the flow of water. Here's a warning: it can take a lot of finger pressure to stop the flow of water especially if you have adjusted the dial for a hard flow. If you lack ordinary strength in your fingers stay away from this machine. I don't have a finger strength problem yet several times I've squirted water all over the bathroom because somehow I hadn't pushed hard enough on the stop button.  I had purchased a WaterPik, but had trouble with it leaking, and so purchased this Conair. The WaterPik is a much better quality product. The Conair seems to be very cheaply made, and I am not very happy with it. I am going back to using my WaterPik even though it occasionally springs a leak. 
This device works "OK".  Jet stream is moderate.  Noise is considerable.  Has a lot of attachments that really don't do much.  I'm not sure what the brushes even do.  The dual tank function is pretty good.  But lack of pressure and too much noise outweigh the good part 
This pitcher is designed so that when you try to empty it -- pour out all the water -- the filter comes crashing out! It's top-heavy. I much prefer my dispenser that lives in the fridge. It may be clumsy to refill -- which is why I thought I'd try a pitcher -- but it's extremely easy to use 
This brush is worth about 10 bucks. Anything more and you are throwing money down the drain. 
These are just OK, not great. I have 2 pairs of the clic readers and I love them. The sunglasses, however, are not as sturdy, the adjustment feature does not work on my pair and I just cannot endorse them. I am disappointed as I am a huge fan of the clic readers and could not wait for the sunglasses. It's a shame 
The foil is abrasive and can cause razor bumps. Also the shave is not close and will missed areas around my rear jaw line that my Remington gets fairly easily. Overrated and overpriced eurotrash. 
It was a nice looking razor but it didn't work and I had to send it back for credit. I bought another one locally and had trouble with it also. I wonder if the 5200 just doesn't have to many bells & whistles. I finally bought a 5100 it's a plain Jane but is working great 
Product does not generate enough heat to provide relief to sore, aching muscles.  The "massaging" action is actually a vibration action.  When heat is switched on, the vibration action is reduced dramatically 
I have always thought that a man's shaver would work on woman's beard.  This one does not. 
The razor isn't bad, but the cleaning system is a joke.  Mine wouldn't release the razor & kept recleaning it.  Plus, and I am surprised that this isn't mentioned in the other reviews that I read before getting the razor, the cleaning solution (which is an expensive, printer-ink type of gimmick) stinks like metal solvent.  Bottom line is this would be a decent razor if it was sold by itself without the cleaning junk for a lower price 
I use three razors. Last year's model of this Braun, a triple blade rotary from the leading manufacturer of rotary razors and standard double edged disposables from the major manufacturer of razors.  OK, now, let's do some math.  I get 10 great shaves from a disposable razor.  I pay, on average, 40c or so for a disposable razor.  That is about a nickel a shave including the shave cream.  At a nickel a shave, it would take 3000 shaves before I would spend $150.  Would take me over 8 years.  Now, anyone that says any electric razor shaves better than a double edged high quality blade razor (not even the expensive triple edged ones, just cheap disposables) is dreaming.  The blace does a much better job and much faster.  But, sometimes, they can irritate the skin, but electrics can too.  I can get irritated by both, sooooo, I rotate between them, and find that reduces my skin irritation problem quite well.  I bought this Braun (last year's model) after reading the positive reviews here, and later bought a rotary razor.  The basic difference is that the cheap model rotary from that major manufacturer is much quieter, shaves just as well, and cost me about 1/3 the price.  The only thing that is better in the Braun is the battery lasts longer.  It is possible also, that in some cases, it gives a slightly closer shave than the rotary, but it also tends to miss spots no matter how many times I go over them.  The Braun also has a problem with my beard when it is longer, like when I have two to three days growth.  The rotary and disposable razor breeze through that three day bush.  The cleaning machine/charger that comes with the Braun is a joke.  Yes, it cleans the razor great, but it is way oversized and you need a large space for it in your bathroom.  Even then, say you have that larger space, you can pay between $5.00 and $8.00 each for the cleaning cartridges.  I have found they last about a month before drying out.  Add $60 to your annual cost to just clean your razor.  The rotary cleans fine with a brush and the disposable razors with water.  Finally, the switch that turns on the razor is right where you hold the razor and it also locks the blade.  So I am constantly locking the blade position by accident.  Inexcusable design flaw in a razor this price.  Don't get me wrong.  This razor shaves fine.  It works best on short beards and works better than cheap razors.  But for $50 you can get a better rotary razor and for $150 you can shave for over 8 years with a disposable twin blade.  Does the price difference sound rational to you?  If it does, click "Proceed to Order" 
Used it once and put it in the dogs' tub. It's really awkward to use. It sucks up your water pressure, too. Can't figure it out. I have incredible water pressure, but with this thing on, it went down to nothing. Stick to the original shower massage by Waterpik 
The shampoo works fine, but it has a very different smell that I was not expecting. It smells kind of woodsy/spicy 
This glove will simply temporarily mask some of the symtoms associated with Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and repetitive strain injuries and make problems worse. Since one still has full function of his/her hands when using this, you are further injuring your hands by using the flexor muscles in grabing and squeezing. When using these gloves, your hands and wrist will feel better at first, but once the glove is removed your problems will persist and get progressively worse 
This product does not do what it advertises. Does not work at all on my facial hai 
I bought this epilator solely for upper lip hair, it takes off most of it but I dont think it epilates coz u can still see minute hair which wont be caught up in the blades and also the hair regrow in 2-3 days...much like shaving it off. I would rather goto the salon every 2 weeks than use this every 3rd day. Moreover, on underarms, it pains as much as the other epilators so if you already have one, dont waste your money on this one 
I purchased this for my mother.  She states that it runs too fast and it is painful.  I tried it myself, and it hurts just like she says.  Not recommended 
OK folks, this is a relatively low quality starter kit from a really decent company.  The Art of Shaving products in general are really nice, albeit a tad pricey.  This small kit gives you a nice sample of an entire line of shaving products that work nicely together.  The full sized items will cost you about $75 - $100 total.  The included brush is a "toss away" quality brush.  This is not just my opinion, but a quote from the manager at an Art of Shaving store.  My advice is to get some samples from a department store, then purchase the Art of Shaving shave cream (wow! a great product) here on Amazon, plus either the Tweezerman Badger Brush for $15 or a Best Badger Brush from Crabtree & Evelyn for $35. 
Even though a set looked exactly like on a picture bare in mind that the box is about the size of a paperback, and it weighs about the same. All the bottles are realy tiny, they look like a one time use products, the once you receive for free with your purchase, and the brush quality is not what I expected from this company. If you are looking for a present you will feel rather embarassed to give it 
It puts out a cloud of water vapor and it's not all that noisy but I had no idea I'd be spending so much time each day taking the humidifier apart, wiping it down, trying to insert my hand inside the tank to wipe that down, refilling the tank twice a day, and wondering why this humidifier doesn't have an automatic shuftoff in case I forget to turn it off. At least the filters and cleaning cartidges are easy to find. However, this is too much like an unwanted hobby so I'll be looking for another way to raise the relative humidity in my room 
Maybe it's my own fault, but I didn't get that from the product description.  It's a weensy little thing for using on your desk at work or taking with you on business trips; in my apartment it barely lasts through one night.  It's also really noisy.  I am probably comparing to my last (normal sized) humidifier ( a vicks something or other, no longer available) which was great and lasted 3 years, until hard water built up too much limescale... I would have cleaned more if I'd have realized how hard it is to find one to replace it 
I received this tweezer for Christmas, so I'm glad I didn't spend anything for it because it's not even worth 50 cents.  The tweezer portion does not grip on to any hairs.  It's a piece of crap as far as I'm concerned. Do not bother purchasing this product, if you do, you'll regret it 
This product may be good for something but it is not good for plucking your own face. I was very disapointed in it. The tweezers were hard to push together. The light was too narrow to be helpful. The product was hard to position is a way that the magnifier could be used. I tried to use it several times and always got frustrated. 
The light was very good, the magnifier (very tiny) made of plastic which was optically difficult to look thru if you already wear glasses.  But the worst part were the tweezers in themselves.  They were difficult to squeeze togeter because of their placement on the handle.  Also, I am used to sharp tweezers that come together tightly over the hair.  These did not.  So they do not tweeze well at all.  Wasn't worth all the bother of a return.  I just threw it away.  It was a good idea for a product, just poorly made. 
bought it and it worked for like a month. now it just sits in my room doing nothing. i am going to look for the company information and try to get my money back. if you are going to get a shower mirror pay a little more and get quality 
The mirror did not work, the lights and clock did not work and I did contact the seller who told me to send it back but since the mirror had been taken out of the box and the box was totally messed up, I would have to get a new box and take it to the UPS place to send it which would have cost me about another $10 and quite frankly, it was just not worth the time nor the money 
light didnt turn off, mirror wouldnt stick on shower wall, and mirror became foggy! 
I am on my second Zadro LED Lighted Fogless Mirror - Yes, customer service was decent and they sent me a new one. However, the initial problem was repeated plus some -- it fogs up despite following directions, using their spray, and using words I shouln't repeat here. Additionally, the clock runs slow and one of the two lights is out after only a few months. One good thing is that  suction cups still hold it up as long as I press them in every week. This product has problems which make a mockery of its "ZFogless" claim. Save yourself the trouble -- don't buy it 
It doesn't really smell like anything, and the heat creates dampness on what ever you put it on. But it is a good size and shape 
I know everyone else has had good luck with this, but not me. The unit started running really slow after about a minute. It also seems to scrape my face. Another nit pick is that the adjustable spacer does not have any marks or numbers on it, so you don't know what setting you're on 
I was anxious to use this for my mother as she has a bad back.  However, immediately after opening the product, I tried to plug it in, as it doesn't work without batteries being fully charged.  Unfortunately, this massager would plug in but did not start charging, and therefore, it could not be charged.  I will be returning this item 
Two main problems with this "cordless massager". The first being that it doesn't hold a charge for very long. You may get an hour use on a full charge, and that shows diminishing power as it goes. Add to that it's general lack of any real massaging capability and you have one very poor piece of equipment. If you're looking for something to rumble a slight bit, this is for you. Otherwise, save your money 
This is not my first facial sauna but it is the worst I've used.  The "Cold" function does not work well (not significantly enough at least) but the hot function works fine.  It tends to leak the water you put in, even if you keep it below the max-fill line. 
This shaver is ok but has an electronic problem. I get clean shave with little bit of effort but, My main problem is with ON/OFF button. Just after using this for 3-4 months my shaver ON/OFF button stopped working.  It is always in ON position I can't switch off the razor. The only way it switches off is when the battery runs out 
Razor works great but it's easier to open it and run water over it to clean because the cradle doesn't get all the hair out 
I was trying to make the shift from a razor blade to an electric shaver and found that this shaver did not provide the close shave I was looking for.  It also was taking me much longer to shave because I had to continually go over the same area in order for it to finally get all the hairs.  In the end, after using it for 5 weeks, I took advantage of the 60 day return policy and returned the shaver.  I am back to my razor blade.  I still hate shaving 
Got the BodyBare and the Ladyfair combo.  The Ladyfair is cheap and poorly made. It pulls as much hair as it cuts, plus it cuts the skin.The BodyBare does nothing at all.  It's so weak and delicate that it won't cut anything.  Don't waste your money.. 
 Hello,  (I trully hope you don't lose your money, because it trully hurts to buy something so expensive with high hopes).  =( trust me, this doesn't work, i sadly bought both of them Body Bare and LAdyfair. I spent over $300.00 including s/h and boy was i dissapointed.  I would like to say, that if you would like to purchase a personal trimmer or private area shaver you should think about it, i would like to tell you so that no one else is fooled by the looks or sites. I also bought everything with it! i got the entire combo and more. Since i wanted to be completely shaven without having to go through brazilian waxing pain i researched for over 2 weeks!!!!  2 weeks! none stop to make sure i bought the right product. Body bare or Ladyfair are the same. These trimmers don't do anything, sadly a normal shaver is better than this. Plus it leaves BUMPS AND RASHES!!!! 
Manufacturer would be better off providing extra legs, as this device is very fragile.  Not a good consumer product 
I bought the happy co electric head tripper for my husband for Christmas. He has wanted ones that we've seen in the mall, so this seem to be a good one.  Well, the plastic pieces that fit into the slot were very flemsy. We had to be careful not to snap it trying to get it in. Once we got it in, the head tripper felt great.  It really did send goosebumps down my spine.  THe only problem is the purple plastic piece broke off, litterally the next day after giving it to him. It first was bent and then finally broke all the way off. I do not recommend this product. I was thinking of getting the ting ting motorized head massager to replace them. You can still use the happy head tripper it is just one tong short 
It should be noted in the description of this item that this product also doubles as a vibrator! I'm not talking about the muscle relaxing kind; I'm talking about the sexually stimulating kind. Once you remove the plastic prongs that are designed to relax the head/neck, the base is an approximately 5 inch vibrator.  Just be forewarned, customers, this item is not for the easily offended 
The razor I bought came with packets of this gel, as well as the lotion.  Possibly due to the consistency, the gel gets used up more quickly. It is also not as comfortable to use as the lotion is.  The key ingredient that makes the difference is menthol.  The gel has menthol, so that's why it can be irritating.  I read a review of shaving basics online, and it says always avoid shaving with products containing menthol.  The lotion, on the other hand, always helps get a better shave, and is quite soothing 
This product does not make you hair grow at all. Im so freakin mad it is such a lie it makes your hair grow..........IM SOOOOOOOOOOOO MADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
I'd give it 0 starts if that was an option! A total piece of crap! Try cleaning it, and the head falls apart! Try putting it back together, and plan on doing nothing else for a LONG TIME! DO NOT buy this razor 
The wieght is accurate, but the body fat is way off. I had my body fat done 6 months ago by a doctor and I was 12% six months later I wiegh 5 lbs less and the scales says I'm 25%. something is off and I trust the doctor. If all you want is to see your wieght its fine, but the rest... well find another scale 
In two minutes it flucuated over 5 pounds.  Don't waste your money.  The 11$ Sunbeam dial scale is more accurate 
I bought this scale to replace my previous scale with body fat option.  It was not easy to use, as you HAVE TO put in your information unless you want to use kilograms, and you still have to enter your height in meters.  All that aside, it continues to tell me that my body fat is between 14 and 15%.  Am I an athlete?  No.  Am I female? Yes.  Is 14% body fat possible???  Well let's just say it is HIGHLY unlikely.  I can't comment on the water numbers it gives me because I don't really have anything to go on there, but even at my fittest I was over 20% body fat, and that was a while ago.. 
This scale does not weigh correctly. Your results depend upon exactly where you are standing on the scale when you are weighing in. I counted 6 different results within 5 minutes the last time I used it. This is one of the least accurate scales I've ever used.  Spend the extra money to get a higher quality non-digital scale 
I mostly want a bookstand that would hold a paperback book for me.  This cannot do that at all.  However, that is not just because it is meant for large books.  It can't really hold textbooks very well either.  The one that I bought ended up in a box in storage, and I doubt I'll ever use it again 
I had an old Caruso molecular setter that finally conked out.  I thought the ion feature of this would be great.  The clicking is annoying, but if it worked, I wouldn't mind.  This puts out WAY less steam, causing the amount of time it takes to heat a curler much longer than the old system.  Then, after all that, it only curls about 1/2 as much.  So, it takes longer for less curl--not worth it.  I hope I can get another Caruso, but I hear they have problems now, too.  Ahhhh, remember the good old days when things worked 
The first one of these I received broke after 2 uses. Target.com quickly sent a replacement at no charge, and now that one has broken after about 5 uses. Very frustrating, because otherwise it seems like a good system 
I was just given this set- new- and was impressed by the reviews. I'm not sure if it's just my hair, but these do little more than a roller hair brush and dryer. I figured I needed to work out the kinks and give it another try. Again same look and that's all the curl I have after 20 minutes. Concept is good- just doesn't work on my fine, full head of hair. If you want curl stick to the hot rollers. 
The lotion does not get very warm and only the lotion in the uppermost part of the dispenser gets warm.  So if you want to use a lot of lotion, you have to wait in between while the lotion warms up.  I have dry skin so I put lotion all over.  Its more of an inconvenience to have to wait for each application to warm up and even when it does warm up, it isn't super warm. 
This will require a large mitten in colder weather. This does not appear to use electrical impulse. This will require more adapting to than you might think. When working, it is accurate. 
I bought these "professional" clippers only to discover they are very UNprofessional!  I am very disatissfied with this product and would not reccomend it to anyone.  The blades guards slip off easily and the clippers get stuck in my hair which hurts a lot. Try looking for a better quality hair clipper 
Ok I picked up a corded Vidal Sassoon hairclipper at Target. The thing was so absolutely horrible that I had to come to Amazon to vent about it. The blades seemed blunt, if not nonexistent. It would only cut little tufts of hair, and the hair had to be taut, literally held by my fingers. It literally tried to rip the hair out of my head. My follicles still hurt from the hour or so I spent trying to shave my head with this terrible clipper. Most of the hair I actually successfully removed, was due to scissors. Lubrication and blade adjustment with the screwdriver had no effect--the blades weren't *stuck*, they just *suck.*  I don't care how much money Vidal Sassoon spends trying to portray themselves as the trendy cutting edge in fashion maintenance--judging from this horrible experience, they really, really do not know how to make a decent hairclipper. I have shaved my head plenty of times over the last few decades, and I have seen some bad clippers, but never have I experienced a clipper that was so bad that it would probably be bested by a haircut given by a sharpened stone instead. 
I've had these clippers for a little over a month now and they are by far the worst pair of clippers i have ever owned.  I have short hair and cut my hair myself twice a week.  The length adjuster on the side of the clippers doesn't hold.  If the clippers are positioned all the way up all it takes is a little pressure and the blade goes all the way down.  Tightening the screw didn't help either.  The attachments don't fit right, especially the blend attachment.  This attachment can only be used if you don't mind the feeling of having the hair ripped out of your head because all it does is pull.  The only good thing about these clippers is that its cordless but whats the point if the clippers suck 
I've used this trimmer only twice, but my initial opinion will lead me to return it.  When trimming my moustache, it's nearly impossible to get the areas close under the nose.  I used it to cut my sons hair, but it kept binding up and pulling his hair.  I ultimately gave up and returned to the old Oster clippers I have.  They buzzed right through with no problem.  I'll be sending this item back 
I was not at all satisfied with the nightguard, but the company accepted the return without question and refunded my money promptly 
This item intially fit very well but within 5 weeks I bit a hole in the right side and it came apart and I only wear it 4-6 hours a night. This product is very poor because it is expensive if you have to replace them every 6 weeks or so. I like the design and it doesn't cut up my mouth but I can't be replacing it every other month 
The sleep guard did not keep my mouth open enough at night.  My jaws still clenched tight 
After doing extensive research on the web, I purchased this item to replace a current blood pressure monitor. While the Easy Fit cuff was easy to place, the B/P readings obtained for my wife and myself were much higher than those obtained on our previous B/P cuff as well as higher than blood pressures taken at the doctor's office.  Since we had no confidence in the accuracy of the readings, I returned the B/P cuff to Amazon for a refund. 
Don't waste your money on this size. Go ahead and get the 19 x 39 towel. The absorbency is good but there's no way it will fit around a head. Also, I'm not sure what to do with the snap that is attached either 
I had boughten this as a gift which turned out to be an aweful idea. It is way too loud and the force of air is way too strong. It literally causes loss of hearing and causes your hair to look like you were just caught in a tornado. I do not recommend this hair dryer for anyone. 
I was quite pleased with this alarm clock until recently when I found that it was consistently waking me up one hour early.  I tried fiddling with the DST setting and then changing the alarm and clock times just a little but without fail it would wake me an hour earlier than I wanted.  The brightness may be a problem for some people but I found it reasonable.  Overall a good docking station, but a poor alarm clock 
The glasses are well made but I found them awkward to use. They didn't fit comfortably and it took quite a bit of time to get them on. The gimmick sounded cool but didn't work well for me. Every head is different, so maybe they'll work better for you 
This is a sad invention. Instead of massaging, it vibrates and in no way "relieves stress".  Besides this, it's very low budget:  first off, the label for a "thigh massage", actually vibrates at you calves (on the ottoman).  Where it is labeled "lumbar", it actually massages your thighs.  When you try the pre-designed massages ("modes"), the chair vibrates very quickly at seemingly random spots.  The whole thing is almost musical. Whoever designed this chair should try a different profession. Besides all this, the chair itself is fairly comfortable, and the heat is nice, although a little weak 
I was very excited that one of My "boys" had bought Me this chair, but when it finally arrived, I was very disppointed. the motors are semi weak, it does NOT feel like 10 motors more like 6 if that. the chair's pic is also very unrealistic in My opinion, the seating it not attached, its a pad, very cheaply made not worth the price at all... I wouldnt pay more then 80.00 for this chair! 
chair is not at all what it's advertised as. does NOT massage just vibrates and makes you feel sick. compatible with sitting on a washing machine. 
If I could give it less than zero stars, I would.  I don't know how anyone can say this works great.  Maybe they can tell me what I'm doing wrong because I can't get this thing to work at all.  I bought it for my daughter's birthday thinking she could have some fun with temporary hair color.  She has brown hair and nothing showed up at all.  I tried everything -- dry hair, wet hair, dirty hair, clean hair -- you name it, I tried it, and we couldn't even get a remote hint of color.  The picture on the package makes it look as easy and successful as painting your hair -- total false advertising.  I kept meaning to return it but never did -- now, it will end up at a garage sale for 5 cents and a note saying "purchase at your own risk 
I bought two Clarisonic brushes - one as a gift and one for myself.  Although the product works well, unfortunately, both brushes were defective.  The trouble started occurring about two months after using.  One brush started out with two speed settings, but eventually only functioned at the low setting.  The other brush started turning on by itself and eventually could not be recharged!  My experience with the customer service has been terrible.  They would not replace my brush for me even though the product was still under warranty.  Be careful if you are going to travel abroad.  The warranty on the brush is nulled if you use the brush in a power outlet other than 110v! 
Don't be fooled by the similar-sounding, inarticulate reviews--this product is not what you think it is. It contains neither motor nor electrical stimulation. The "energy fields" described have nothing to do with actual energy/electricity--they might as well use the word "aura" for all of the logical sense it makes.  In the words of a company representative:  The Tingler is not battery operated there is no button. That would be our Sqwiggler which has 2 AA batteries located in the handle.  You're welcome to return the Tingler for a Sqwiggler.  The Sqwiggler is $29.95 Please call 800-978-8765 and we can get your credit card information and charge the amount difference of $9.95 plus $8.45 for the shipping fees.  Make your own judgement, but don't expect to be as wowed or thrilled as the company claims you'll be 
Don't waste your money on this size. Go ahead and get the 19 x 39 towel. The absorbency is good but there's no way it will fit around a head. Also, I'm not sure what to do with the snap that is attached either 
This remington razor is actually too sharp if you ask me.  I used it for a period of several weeks and it caused my face to blister and it actually gave me more cuts than a 10 cent disposable razor. Ouch. However, the shave is very close - expect to use a lot of cooling lotion with this razor.  The design of the shaver mechanically is fine and appears to be fairly reliable - although its a touch hard to clean because the blades are super sharp underneath the foils. I have owned Norelco and Braun for more than 15 years and on the whole found them to be a more agreeable shave 
Worked alright for a few months.  I wasn't especially pleased with the shave quality i.e. skin irritation, hair pulls.  I figured that this would go away as I was transitioning from a straight electric shaver to one with rotary heads.  It didn't.  The bigger disappointment was that removing the head for cleaning out hair wasn't easy and resulted in breakage, no doubt due to the cheap plastic used.  Never again 
I was happy when i used it the first and second time but the third time i was disappointed, because it started pulling hair instaid of cutting it 
I once had a cheap shaver I got at Sears that I learned was made for Sears by Remington. I liked that shaver, so when I found the R-950 at Sears on sale for $40, I decided to replace my old top-selling-brand rotary shaver. Big mistake. After 8 months and having finally tired of the red and sore neck (especially with drier winter skin), not to mention the occasional cut lip I get with the R-950 while trying to shave around the mouth, I am going back to my old shaver. How can a shaver that gets close enough to hurt still give a poor shave... but it does. 
It worked quite nicely until after about 9 months the display just stopped working.  Changed the batteries to no avail.  It's very pretty, but I have a less attractive old Tanita that does body fat measurements which has been working for 5 years 
The scale is everything the manufacturer claims. However, with minimal use by one average sized adult, our scale lasted only about nine months. The balance part of the scale is very sound, but the battery clip that powers the electronics is poorly designed and built of very cheap components. I suspect that poor Q&A will result in a fairly high percentage of these units failing and recommend that you go elsewhere. Today, my scale will not function unless I hold the batteries by hand (not too practical when someone is standing on it...).  Conclusions: * Scale design is nice--looks good. * Construction of balance components is solid, glass is very strong.  Design and construction of the power unit (battery) is rather poor. * Scale functions as advertised for a normal sized (80kg/175lb) adult ... until the battery power clip dies. * Buyers should avoid this scale in favor of something with more solid battery compartment and connections.  Hope this helps! 
I got the machine for my fat, muscle and water analysis as well as my weight. After 1 month of use it only shows the weight.  The scale no longer works properly.  It no longer shows anything else but the weight.  It was a waste of money 
I bought this straightener because I wanted a skinny straightener to get closer to the scalp. However, while it is not a horrible product, I have a 15 dollar vidal sassoon one that works much better. I would suggest either buying the really expensive ones or just sticking with one bought at the store. This isn't any better than those 
I purchased this item the middle of May.  It is now Oct. 1st and it won't heat up anymore!  Product should last longer than 5 months! 
Nice idea for all of us office workers, but the main backing is too soft to provide any real lumbar support. Furthermore, the movable lumbar support is made of the same soft material and is too small and not thick enough to provide any real support. I am looking for something else 
I purchased the Kaz Ultra King Size Heating Pad off eBay to replace another Kaz heating pad that stopped working after 2-3 months.  Well, this is no different except I now have more expensive heating pad that is useless.  Just like the other reviewers, my controller suddenly started blinking red and would not allow me to press any other button to start the heat process.  I plugged and unplugged the unit several times with several long time increments each time.  I also tried holding down all of the hear setting buttons for several seconds, sometimes two or three at once.  Nothing worked.  Its was nice while it lasted-- heated well without getting too hot.  It is just a shame that the quality could not last for more than two months.  Thumbs down!  DO NOT PURCHASE A KAZ SOFTHEAT HEATING PAD IF YOU VALUE YOUR MONEY.  
I have bought 5 of these crappy pads and all 5 stopped working after a short period.  Buy the Sunbeam 902 Flexible heating pad--much more reliable and useful too 
This pad works, basically, but it does turn itself after 30 minutes.  There's no way to prevent that.  This may be fine for some uses, but it's very inconvenient for others 
I had the exact same experience as Stan, another reviewer. I bought this heating pad and when it turned itself off, I could not get it started again. Like Stan, I thought it was a fluke and bought another. Same problem, two days after buying the pad. I have looked in four stores in the Seattle area and cannot find another brand of heating pad. This one should not be on the market. I am sending both pads back to the manufacturer 
I ordered two of these heating pads and paid more because it looked like they have a better cover, instead of the usual cheap cotton cloth cover that looks like a rag after being washed once ... well, they do have a different cover, but the listing on Amazon didn't say that the pads SHUT-OFF after ONE HOUR.  I am capable of turning off a heating pad by myself, and don't need/want any auto shutoff.  These two heating pads are going right back.  I can get the regular heating pads that don't have auto shutoff down at the the local discount store for half the price 
I bought these for my dad for Christmas and they did not fit his head, they didn't even fit mine and I have an average size head. Another thing, they did not look cool at all, they were ridiculous looking, nothing like the Photoshopped pictures 
I am a big fan of the regular CliC reading glasses. I own several pairs and think they are great. However, the Sport Goggles DO NOT get my vote of confidence. They have three problems which make them unusable for me: 1) on all CliC products there is an all important stem adjustment that adjusts the length of the stems to properly fit the glasses onto your head. However, unlike the very cool regular reading glasses by CliC, the Sport Googles do not adjust properly and so the Goggles run very tight if you need even a slightly above average stem legnth, 2) there is also extra foam padding on the Sport Googles that make them very snug, but because of the tight stems the foam padding makes these glasses far too tight to enjoy and 3)the maker doesn't make it as clear as they should in their description ... the Irridium (Red)colored lens on some of the Sports Goggles are far too intensely tinted and dark for any kind of regular light conditions or applications like morning driving ... or even safe walking on a rocky path. Sorry Clic, but your success with the Reading Glasses went to your head ... you needed to do more user testing for comfort and vision with the Sports Goggles. I would like to return them for a larger size and lighter colored lens ... too bad for me! 
I purchased these but had to return them.  while the molded strap is adjustable, it only opens up approx. 1".  The magnetic attachment worked well but if your head is 23.5" or larger around - at the eyebrows, forget it, these will not fit you 
I first bought the standard, and then the large size in an attempt to have a pair that fit well. I used them riding a bike in the winter months. Neither pair fit well and there are most likely very few people who will obtain a good fit. For the goggles to be snug enough to prevent wind from entering (and prevent tearing) causes great pressure above the ear. The rigid design somehow discourages turning your head freely. I retired my Clics when I found foam padded sunglasses for motorcyclists. 
I'm sorry that I ordered these online. I should have tried them first. They do not fit round heads. No matter how many times you adjust them they do not fit. The bow needs to have an adjustment too. The magnet is not that strong when put on a round head they just pop off. Would not buy another pair. 
I won't be buying these, because there is not enough public comments or even actual photos of people using these goggles. If you look closely on the example photos provided by amazon the people that supposingly wear these things, then you'll notice they aren't really wearing them its just drawn 
I purchased this humidifier, and it worked wonderfully with a soothing blue night light for my son for about a week. One night, it just stopped producing that humidifying mist and could not be coaxed into working again. I called the company, who told me to promptly cut the cord and throw it out, and they would be sending a new one to replace it (with no cost for shipping to me). I received the new one a week later, which to my disappointment, did not have the nightlight feature. I also noticed it was from a different brand company. I can't remember the name but it also began with the word "sun." So far, the new humidifier is working fine (about 2 weeks now), but it has a lower water capacity so I have to refill it every night (vs. every 2 nights with the original one) and the lack of the nightlight is a big disappointment. The process of replacing, however, was very smooth and also free so I'll give them 2 stars for that 
Broke after 5 days.  I used it the way it was meant to be used, cleaned it nightly, etc, I had read a review that said theirs broke after a short time and ignored it.  I wish I hadn't, this is junk 
I really enjoyed my Nano CHI iron while it lasted (RIP 7/06-11/06), it handles well, it's a great straightener, and it's a pretty color. However, I dropped it approximately two feet, onto a carpeted floor, and it stopped working. I purchased the CHI about four months ago and think that a $120 iron should be a bit more resiliant. I'll still purchase CHI products, but wouldn't recommend investing in the Nano Technology just yet...there are a few kinks that still need to be worked out, and it's not worth having to pay an extra $35 to have it repaired 
I really like the size of this pitcher but there is one thing that I'm not too happy about.  The filter doesn't "lock" down into the top and when you tip the pitcher over to pour the water out, the filter plops out of the top, causing the whole top to fall out of the pitcher.  It's very aggravating and just about makes it more trouble than it's worth.  The other Brita pitcher I have, the filter locks into place and doesn't do this.  
I purchased this table from another vendor--the table top was welded poorly and tilted down at such an angle when it was put together that anything you set on it would fall off.  It also does not support nearly the weight that it is listed to support.  The table bounced up and down easily if you put any pressure on the table top.  I promptly returned this table 
fall asleep in  minutes what a joke.don`t waste your money on this product 
SleepMD did not work for me and in fact kept me awake most of the night. The next day I felt horrible, partly because I got no sleep and partly because I had been ripped off for $20. I threw the pills in the trash and will never purchase any MD product again. 
Sorry SleepMD - we are not impressed.  Not only did SleepMD not work for me - but my husband took it as well and was restless and up all night too.  Today we feel worse for the wear - and a bit ripped off.  No - I did not sleep through the night and wake up feeling alert and refreshed. More like we were run over during the night. I wanted to inquire to the company in person - but can't find a website to do so.  So I plan to write. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.  It's a waste of money 
All Sleep MD is, is Melatonin with a bunch of other herbs that do nothing mixed in. You can get Melatonin at any grocery or drug store at a fraction of the cost. Melatonin is a wonderful sleep aid, but you don't need to spend a bunch of money or take additional herbs to benefit from it! Sleep MD is a total rip off 
They claim that it helps you fall asleep and keeps you asleep. I did fall asleep sooner, but wasn't able to stay asleep. I didn't find it to work well at all. 
These diapers are the most awfulest things I think I ever bought for my baby. I received a lot of the "swaddler" size for my baby shower and I tried to use them for about 3 weeks before my pediatrician pinpointed it as the source of the relentless diaper rash my son had pretty much from birth. Stopped using them and lo and behold, diaper rash gone. Fast forward 3 months later when my son was hospitalized for a week and these were the only diapers the hospital supplied. Figuring that my son was older, maybe they wouldn't do as much harm. Wrong. The rash came back with a vengeance. I had to get diapers from home for the rest of the stay. I think it's because they are lightly scented with green dye inside. Definitely stay away if your child has sensitive skin 
  It doesn't do what it's supposed to do.   This gizmo is supposed to clean out the pores and generally clean up the skin on your face. Didn't work for me 
I never received this item -- nor could I get a response from the company when I asked about it. My opinion -- RIP OFF 
I think the shaver works well,but the plastic is thin and cheap. The biggest complaint is that there is no carring case for the razor,cleaning brush and charger. I think the cost should of been higher if that is what it takes to provide a case 
I like the idea, but the slippers just aren't comfortable to stand on.  It's great while you are sitting, though 
This is the worst shaver I have ever used.  It is cheaply made and completely useless.  Don't waste your mone 
Unfortunately, my experience was completely different. Starting with the unprofessional shipping. Shaver and components were shipped in a box stuffed with old newspapers instead of professional packing material. Shaver and Trimmer are almost exactly lifesize in the screenshot on this page!! I felt mislead by the pictures. Another person said how impressive the shaver is. I had the exact opposite experience. I picked it up and I was more than underwhelmed. The shaver is about the size of a saltshaker and the battery accounts for the weight, not the motor. Not to be mean, but the shaver reminds me of something I might pickup in a 99 cents store. The other day I found a far better shaver from Remington for about $8 in my local Raley's store. Of course, to find out about this Seiko shaver first hand you'll need to open the shrink wrap which then in turns makes it almost moot to return the item, because Donner charges a 35% sanitary disposal fee if you open the item. On top of that the shipping charges are also non-refundable. On the other hand, if I return the $8 grocery store shaver to the store, I'd get a full refund, if I'm not happy with the product. Ok, so how well does it shave? Not bad, but also not any better than the $8 shaver from my grocery store. The blade component seems extremely flimsy (essentially 3 tiny blades stuck to a piece of plastic) and if you do decide to use this shaver, you'll be ordering replacement blades in no time. All in all, I was not happy with my purchase in the least. $60 spent on something that should be around $10 
If you are looking for accuracy and durability do not by this product 
This thing did not survive the unpacking, inserted the battery put the housing back and bent a plastic doohicky in the inside. Not worth it 
Upon purchasing this product, I'd hoped it would be equivilant to the product I normally purchase at the salon.  I was horribly disappointed.  It was nothing at all like the typical product, rather much more like water.  The normal scent was not present, the product made my hair greasy and my head itched all day long.  I would very much like to return this.  It's not at all the same product that is purchased at the salon.  I was sorely disappointed 
I have owned the Caruso Molecular steam hairsetter for at least the last 15 years and would not buy any other hairsetting product. It is gentle on the hair and gives a wonderful, soft, steamed curl, as opposed to harsh, electric hot curlers. I recently purchased the new "smaller version", because my old one - with the larger water/heating unit, burned out after many years of use. The old one required more water and a bit of salt. It gave great steam, filling the rollers with a lot of steam, thus giving a better curl to the hair. This newer version does not require salt, uses very little water, and does not have the steam making power the older version did. I am very dissappointed in this "newly designed" product. I have packed it away, and will use it only as a back up. I hate it when you use a product for many years and find they have upgraded, improved, or discontinued the product. Sometimes, it is best to leave well enough alone. I will purchasing one of the older hairsetters on Ebay 
The foam is tooooo.. soft. It's does not give me any back suport that I need it. 
I bought the Duro-Med 7921LCST-BG because of a back injury--I need good back support in order to sit somewhat comfortably.  This product is very disappointing.  The material with which it is filled is of such a low density that it gives practically no support at all.  If you need firm back support, I would look elsewhere (I don't know of a good source yet).    If you don't need such support, then I don't know why you'd have any interest in this product--but I suppose there could be valid reasons that I can't imagine 
Though not advertised to humidify a large room, I found it incapable of making any significant difference in even a small room.  I tested it, in a roughly 1000 cubic foot room, by placing a relative humidity sensor in the middle of the room, and after 2 hours not even a 1% increase in humidity! Fortunately, I was able to receive a full refund 
Was excited about this after reading the reviews, but it is so small and imho did not produce enough moisture in the air to warrant the pricetag.  After buying it and trying it, I went out and bought a larger one.  Barely ever use this 
I am a male.  I did a search and this item showed up for men.  However, it is way too long for a man unless he is Yao Ming.  It looked like I was wearing a skirt and came down several inches below my knees.  I am 5'10" tall.  Also the light wieght microfiber terry was a drawback.  It clings to you and builds up a lot of static electricity.  I will not ever buy another product made of this material 
These  Item I purchase on 2/21/07 I used only for 3 week and it broke I do not kwon if I can return or not to have my money back or replace with anothe 
design seems flawed a bit for the container. when you pull the cord out, it bumps the tank off sometimes.  the tank also seems a little loose when mounted.  i tried the newest Ultra Dental water pik type, but it only lasted 1 month then began to leak water 
Yes, that's right.  This worked for me for only one day.  What a disappointment 
I was overwhelmed by the choices, and selected this model, in part, because of the reasonal price.  I had read reviews which mentioned problems and the need to return the product, but I decided there was only a small possibility of that happening.  The instructions said to use the lowest setting initially, which certainly made sense.  However, the INSTRUCTIONS said to move the adjustment "toward the tip", which turned out to be the highest, not the lowest setting!  The diagram on the handle indicated that the movement was toward the LARGER opening, but I read the directions and did not look at the diagram until later.  The spray was very powerful and actually "hurt", especially when it was by my tooth with a crown.  The next day I tried adjusting the settings with the pik over my sink, not in my mouth!  It felt wonderful on the lower setting!  I reread the directions again (and again over the next several days) to see if the error was mine or theirs.  I still think the directions were not written properly.  The third day I had trouble getting any spray at all.  This continued for about a week, some days getting more or less, but never a full spray ON ANY SETTING!  My guess is that it was in a permanent "pause" mode. I gave up and pursued returning the item.  It needed to be returned to an "authorized repair", which luckily was only a few miles away (there were only three in my state).  The repair man had told me, over the phone, it was a discontinued model and hadn't been made in about  a year.  When he looked at it, he found it had been made in 2006.  He said he could fix it, but wasn't allowed to; I am awaiting a replacement to arrive in the mail. 
Unfortunately, the stool arrived in its box without the seat. As we needed one quickly, we purchased a similar stool locally. We returned the stool and Amazon was quick to give us a refund. The manufacturer who sent these out evidently needs some quality control 
Takes FOREVER to shave - and still doesn't get everything - still have to end up shaving with a razor.  Frustrating - but good concept 
The design is great, very light, easy to handle.  It's very nice to be able to use it cordless.  However, this is the least powerful epilator I have ever used in my 14 year of personal epilation history.  (I have gone through six epilators.) It takes forever to clear a small area. 
It dose good for the bikini area. However you have to hold it at a back angle for the tweezers to grab the hair properly. It did not work on legs at all. It would pull a few hairs but broke the rest. With out the guard it feels like it is scraping the skin. The tweezers area is so small it would take a week to finish a leg even if it did grab the leg hairs. Razor attachment dose not work to my satisfaction. 
First, know this, it is a trimmer not a shaver!  With the included height attachment, your bound to have a little fuzz still left.  Without the attachment, you get closer results, but still very visible hair lines.  I am quite disapointed with the product, because it runs on two AAA batteries, the motor is nearly powerful enought and will lock up sometimes when cutting hair in different angles.  This lock up rips the hair out of your skin and sometimes even cuts you.  I would certainly not recommend this product, but might be necessary if you'll be traveling and need a small portable trimmer that will get more results than just letting your hair grow wild. 
I have found that the MS-5700 to be very loud. The Braun 8995 that I replaced it with is very quiet. The plastic chrome on the body gives it a very cheap feel, and look, it makes it hard to hold onto. I have found that the shaver dosn't give me a very close shave compared to the Braun 8985 shaver. The solution tank for the cleaner seems to be not as user friendly as the Braun 8985 that holds a cartridge that slips in and out to replace. As you have read I have replaced the MS-5700 already with the Braun 8985, and am very happy with the change. The Braun also came with 3 cartridges for the cleaner unit, not just one bottle to pour into the cleaner. 
The self cleaning concept was the reason I bought this razor. The razor cleans and lubricates automatically and the price for consumables was not bad. After owning the razor for two months I noticed that the red indicator light on the cleaning base was on after I had just refilled the fluid. After a closer inspection I found out that the fluid had leaked out all over, and this fluid destroys everything it touches that isn't metal or plastic. I thought maybe I had done something to cause the problem so I refilled the cleaning base and started the cleaning process. Immediately the fluid in the base started spewing out of the cracks where the top of the base and the bottom of the base come together. It is now headed to the landfill. The trimmer does not work well either 
I did not like it.  It was not as I thought it was going to be, I thought it would give me a closer trim. 
It took my 3 1/2-year-old 10 seconds to defeat this. It took me about 30 minutes to install it.  Pretty ineffective, as far as I'm concerned. Your mileage may vary 
my door handle was to the left and therefore could not use although product said that this lever could be used on all lever handles--shipping costs were more than item purchased so it would cost me way too much to try to retur 
My Braun thermoscan has given me nothing but trouble. Yes this ear thermometer is easy to use.  You just have to stick it into the canal correctly.  Not hard.  What I don't like is you can stick it in the same ear, the same way, 6 different times and get very different readings. Everytime I have gone to use my thermometer, the battery would be dead.  You have to use the special medical circular batteries, so of course I would never have any handy.  Then I got smart and started stocking up on the batteries.  They are expensive.  And everytime I would use it I'd have to put in a fresh new battery. This also needs the disposable ear covers in order for it to work.  Yes there is a trick to getting around it but then your thermometer isn't sanitary.  Finding the covers was sometimes easy and sometimes impossible. I have just never been happy with it.  Yes it's easier than the oral... But I found one even better.  Try the Temporal Artery Thermometer.  You can use that one on a sleeping child 
Don't bother with these.  I am a school nurse, and not just this brand, but MOST brands of ear thermometers are inconsistent, especially when the average person does incorrect positioning in the ear canal.  I had to use the ear type for 8 years between Pediatric ICU and school nursing.  I got pretty good at getting consistent readings, except on very small ear canals, and those with a lot of wax.  We got rid of ours and went with an Exergen TemporalScanner Temporal Artery Thermometer.  It takes less time, doesn't require probes, and you can get one at Costco for $30 
I tried this thermometer on my baby and then even on myself when I couldn't get a consistent reading.  The temperatures were so varied it was completely useless!!  Very disappointed!! I returned it without even the box 
The chenille cover is very soft and nice to the touch, however, it does not allow for the cold from the gelpack to penetrate. The 1 star rating is only for using this product as a cold pack.  I had intended to use it as a cold mask only. 
I was excited to try these because I liked the idea of getting my son something that let him put his legs together.  I am tired of seeing him so bowlegged due to the diapers.  And since I like the other Huggies styles, I was very enthused.  Until I went through 5 diapers, everyone of which leaked.  Leaking of urine was the biggest problem but after a BM came out the legs, I gave up.  I tried everything possible to make these work, but they leak.  Maybe in the smaller sizes, but size 5 on a 22 month old definitely did NOT work.  Also, my son is in 50% percentile for height and weight, so skinny legs were not the problem.  No more Natural Fit/HugFlex for us 
After many disastrous leakage experiences with their smaller-size diapers, I decided to give Huggies another try because I have a very active toddler, and these certainly did appear to be stretchy and comfortable. Unfortunately, this comfort comes at the expense of utility. My daughter was no sooner running around in the first diaper out of the pack, when I saw the entire contents of her diaper coming out the sides and up her back. Just like the smaller sizes, this version does not hold anything in!!! 
The idea was great and I did enjoy the warm lotion,however I used it three times and put it back in the box. The on/off switch is located on the top of the dispenser and each and every time I turned it off lotion squirted everywhere making a huge mess and if you leave it on all the time the lotion gets hard and dries out. Would love to recommend it but I just can't. I use lotion a couple of times a day due to dry skin and thought this would be a great item for me it just didnt measure up 
This stuff does not work at all! I tried this because it was the only one of the lens repair solutions that didn't have negative feedback, save yourself money and do not buy this product. It looks just like nail polish and leaves the same kind of film on your lenses 
I quite liked this trimmer while it worked well, so I'm disappointed at how it has held up through only a little over six months.  As of now the battery will hold barely any charge, if at all.  It's frustrating to have it crap out on me after initially being pleased with its functions 
After a very positive review by a popular consumer magazine, I purchased this scale. On the unit I received, the upper weight range appears to be overstated by some 20 lbs.  The scale I was previously using and the one in my doctors office clearly have my weight below the 300 lb limit. I have been lifting weights and somewhat discouraged by the scale alone. I wanted to see if I was having an impact on body fat so I purchased this scale.  When I attempt to use this scale, it errors out with the OL code. Perhaps the magazine should retract another article 
I purchased this prior to surgery thinking it would be great for recovery.  However, the "nature sounds" only worked the first time I turned it on.  After that, despite changing batteries, etc., the sounds never came back again.  I wouldn't recommend this purchase 
Was initially impressed with the backrest; however, because the straps are not adjustable, it dosen't stay in place.  The one snap is not sufficient for holding the backrest in place 
I recently purchased the Obus Forme Lowback Backrest, along with the Seat Cushion. Although I have heard people rave about the excellent support, and they felt comfortable enough to me, I can't give them more than 2 stars. The material used in their construction drove me to distraction. This is obviously a personal preference type of thing. Other folks may have no issues with the material at all. These are just my feelings on the matter:  I found the texture of the fabric to be a little rough and it didn't allow easy movement when sitting on/leaning against it, which would drive me crazy after just a few hours at work. Also, when making any movements, the compression of the foam, and the friction between it and the fabric covering, made really annoying noises. It reminded me somewhat of snow compressing down when walking on it. The Backrest was even worse than the Seat Cushion because it had a thin plastic wrapping (looked sort of like shrink wrap or Saran wrap) around the foam inside, which made loud crinkling noises every time I even twitched. It was awful! However good the science behind the backrest and cushion is, the sound effects and unpleasant texture were distracting enough, to me at least, to return both items. 
I have a Honeywell humidifier that is on my personal top 10 "must have" items.  I figure with these cartridges the performance could only improve.  I was wrong.  There is NO improvement in the cleanliness of the tank or the filter area.  The water actually smells funny with the cartridge in.  Plus, I have noticed that the little beads inside fall out, and are reported to be harmful to pets and animals.  They're so little it's hard to see them.  Not a huge deal to me, but I'm sure it could pose a problem to someone.  All in all, I would rather purchase purified water, or get a water filter for my sink for the water to use in the humidifier than use these, since there is no real difference. 
The description for this cartridge says that it "provides continuous protection against mold and bacteria" with its "Aquastat" antimicrobial technology.  If you read the literature that comes with it, however, it says that it prevents microbe growth *in the cartridge*.  Not in your humidifier.  It's not an antimicrobial cartridge; it's a demineralization cartridge.  Whoever reported that it removes slime must be imagining it 
Don't buy this!  I regret that I didn't listen to the people who left feedbacks.  The craftmanship for this item is very bad.  Not only the product was made of cheap plastic, it was missing a screw too.  I would not recomment this product 
This thing does not stay in place. I needed a sponge to prop it up. Also don't let the chrome finish fool ya. It's plastic all around and feels cheap. Right now this is in a box going right back where it came from. No good.  
...and it wasn't worth having to send it back.  Seriously.  I thought maybe it was the batteries, so I switched them.  No luck. It ran very, very slow, and then it just quit.  As another reviewer smelled burnt plastic when the unit was in use, it's my guess that something melted/warped in the mechanism.  I will give the manufacturer a bit of credit since this item did perform nicely the one time I was able to use it, so I'll call it a 10 dollar pedicure and call it a wash.  I have a makeup mirror from the same manufacturer and am really happy with it, so I know all their merchandise isn't shoddy.  Maybe I got a dud, considering many others' positive reviews.  I sure hope so 
Have had this less than two months and used it perhaps 3 or 4 times a week on slightly spritzed hair to tame the frizz.  The thing died!!  Did work great while it lasted....  Now trying a Conair, so keeping my fingers crossed 
I went through 3 of these in less than 2 months.  After about 2-3 weeks of use, the first two dryers wouldn't shut off when the switch was placed in the "off" position; the dryers had to be unplugged to turn them off.  The 3rd dryer just stopped working completely after about 2 weeks.  I definitely do not recommend buying this product 
The first one I purchased lasted about 2 weeks, then sparked and smelled like something was burning and quit working.  Exchanged it for another one - it lasted about 3 weeks - then the same thing.  Have now purchased a different brand.  Would not recommend this product 
I bought one and it worked great. At first it's hard to manuever because it's really hot, and the barrel's bristles are kinda rough and pull your hair a lot, but once you get used to it, it does a stellar job of straightening your hair. Around 6 months into using the straightner, the machine slowly overheated and died. Thinking I had a faulty model, I went out and bought a new one. Guess what ? A few months into THAT one, it ended the same way.  So basically, not worth it. 
I'm very sorry, but the universal remote control was not what I expected.Like, when I want to turn on my tv. the vcr came on and visa versa.  But the company was very helpful and quick to let me send it back and refunded me my money.Very pleased about the service,thanks.Regards Yoka van Dijk. 
I could not get the right code numbers to work with my new TV/DVD set.....too bad, I liked the large numbers and light. 
 I thought that this would be an ideal product for my aging father as both his sight and his dexterity are somewhat impaired. My first thought was to contact the parent company, Hy-Tek Manufacturing, to ask for a dealer referral and to get some answers to a few simple operations questions. After 3 days they did get back to me, recommending Amazon as a purchase source but ignoring my request for operations information. I sent a second email but it was completely ignored. Maybe this should have been a warning.   I decided to go ahead and order one anyway. The purchasing process was quick and easy and delivery form Amazon's agent was about 5 days, more than acceptable. The unit comes well packaged with easy to follow instructions. Actual programming is simple and very straight forward. The problems started after successfully programming my dad's satellite receiver. The main menu could not be accessed, the information button was non-functional and two of the numeric keys did not work. I tried all of the codes listed for the manufacturer of that receiver, none of them made any difference.   Another email to Hy-Tek, and another 3 day wait, produced the response " it doesn't work with all devices and I guess it just won't work with your receiver, you'll have to send it back to the supplier. We will make note of this and maybe we can add this receiver in a future update. " No help at all and no concern or consideration expressed on the part of the manufacturer. If they had bothered to respond to my original inquiry in the first place, I would never have purchased this substandard piece of equipment and wouldn't have been out the freight charges. One of the questions that I asked originally was " will it access the main menu? ", but they didn't have the common courtesy to respond.   Be aware that this remote will not work with all devices. Even simple, necessary functions like menu and numbers may not be accessible. The manufacturer is slow to respond to customer inquiries and less than helpful if and when they do. Would I recommend or purchase this item again, absolutely not 
I purchased this product in hopes of a wonderful nights sleep. Well folks this is not what happened at all. I turned on my Conair SU1W and snuggled under the covers after a very stressful day. About 5 minutes into my relaxation I almost received heart failure due its soothing sounds of a train wreck. The volume which seemed to have been controlled by Satan reached top volume, although I never had touched it myself. I tried to turn it down and the volume still was blaring. I unplugged and plugged it back in numerous times, and still it would not work 
I really dun know if i was expecting too much out of this machine...but its not really that great...there are just one or two sounds that u may like..like the running stream,heartbeat, tropical forest etc..the rest of them like the ocean waves, rainfall...thunderstorm...white noice...etc pretty much dont let u sleep...Also someone complained here about the alarm...What Alarm????? thats a different model which is about $20...this one  is just the sounds....which sound artificial...if u are expecting a more natural sound...move on...this one is more like a radio with too much static! 
this pillow offers no back support when nursing a baby.  i bought a brest friend instead.  you can attach that pillow to you and focus on helping your baby nurse instead of supporting your babies entire body.  pass up the boppy 
I personally have not taken this diet pill; however I am compelled to note the descriptions from folks stating that they felt "trippy" "weird" and "out of sorts". Britney Spears had been taking this stuff for a while...then as we all know she went all "postal", shaved her head, attacked photographers and just all around went out in left field and didn't return.....and we wonder why she did it...hummmm... None the less, the side effects like those reported I've seen personally from close friends. They should re-name this diet pill Asylum-X, because that's where you'll be. Diet pills like these have a negative effect on the seratonin in your spinal fluids, and I don't know about you but I'm not comfortable with something altering my state of being....just something for you to "swallow" 
I bought this product after having taken Diet Fuel w/ ephedra several years ago. I needed energy this time and to lose a few extra baby pounds.  Within minutes of taking my FIRST and ONLY pill I had a horrible reaction.  I broke out in WELTS within 10 minutes all over my body. I was shaky and sick to my stomach.  I drank 5 glasses of milk to neutralize it and finally started to feel better. I thought I was going to die.  My only thought was there was no way losing weight was worth never seeing my kids again. After about 2 hours the welts disappeared but I felt horrible for the rest of the day.  Obviously there is something in it that doesn't get along with my body but after that reaction I had I have decided that no diet pill is worth the chance of what can happen to you. 
And I am not just talking about weight loss products.  I took one pill....ONE PILL!  Within a few minutes, I was curled up around the toilet crying because I needed to throw up so badly but I couldn't.  I hadn't drunk anything but one glass of water with it, and yet, I was peeing all day.  I was nauseus....my fiancee stayed home with me all day to take care of me.  I didn't want to move, but I would have to go to the bathroom to pee, and would carry around a trash can with me just in case I finally could throw up.  I would not wish these symptoms on ANYONE, not even my worst enemy.  That was probably the worst sickness I have ever had 
I have found another product that I want to recommend. It's called Alert and is sold by consultants like Avon, but you can also go the Starlight website and order it. It's a nutritional supplement and for me does provide energy without the jitters, and as a bonus I don't feel hungry when I'm using it. They also have a product specifically for weight loss. I have tried that as well. I did feel a bit jittery at first... but it settled after a week or so of taking it. I would recommend it also. I used it a few years ago and lost 35 lbs. I did consistent diet and exercise which obviously is what did the weight loss, but I credit the supplement with giving me the energy to get moving and helping me curb cravings. I'm now looking for energy and help maintaining that weightless so for me the alert does both of what I need ... energy and hunger control and it's less expensive than the weight loss supplement so I now use it. I've used this for years and have not had any problems. 
I bought two of these pieces of junk, and believe me they do NOT work unless your room is about 3 feet by 3 feet by 3 feet.  IT RECIRCULATES THE SAME AIR OVER AND OVER IN A TINY AREA!  When they say it cleans 700 cubic feet per hour, that is simply what the fan can MOVE per hour not what it actually will clean in a 10 foot by 10 foot by 7 foot room.   The fan is so weak at full speed you can barely feel it. Really it is sucking in air through the bottom and blowing it out at the top. Both the inlet and outlet are facing the same side so you are basically recirculating most of the same air over and over again. This thing would need to be 7 feet tall to really work well.  In a hospital they have HUGE systems that MOVE the air past LARGER ARRAYS of bulbs.  So here you are sitting in a room with your kids coughing on one side and this thing recirculating the same air over and over again, in a little tiny airspace, what a great deal. Just be ready to buy 10 of them per room.  Maybe you can try hanging 5 on the celiing and putting 5 on the floor of a  4' x5' bathroom and it might work in a week.  Do yourself a favor, and buy a machine that has more UV light bulbs, and has a greater airflow so ALL the air in a room is moving and ALL of the air in the room goes through the filter.   I gave it a one because it looks nifty.  
After hearing about this product and reading the reviews, decided to get one for our newborn baby.  The problem however, is that this does not cover the entire room even on its "high" setting.  Over the course of an hour, I would say this thing covers only a sixth of the air in our room (12 x 12).  I put my hand in front of the sanitizer and could barely feel any airflow and this was on the high setting.  I've only had this product for a month so I will have to follow-up on durability.  First month impression is this thing is too weak to adequately sanitize an entire room.  If it were a bit stronger, would give a better rating.  I feel like I will return this item and get a stronger air cleaner, or buy 3 of these (not practical) 
You were kind enough to replace my first order of these razors due to the fact that one never worked and the other wore out quickly.  The second pair seems to be pretty much the same.  One sputs and spurts and the other works only when I shake and tap it several times.  I used to own another brand of these razors that were great, but I can't recall the name, unfortunately.  I am very disappointed in the product, but I'm very satisfied with Amazon and the way in which they are trying to please me every way they can 
Item does not look any thing like the picture. It is flat. I don't feel any difference when I am setting for long periods of time 
Didn't last that long when use on a digital camera!! 
I expected so much and yet recieved so little from these so called &quot;batteries.&quot;  Number one, I was disappointed to find out, after some scientific analyses I performed on them, that duracell's world famous  &quot;copper top&quot; statement is erroneous. This so called &quot;copper  top&quot; is nothing more than a copper-aluminum alloy called  copposyclamatrane. I can't top the copper top? hardly.     After the  analyses, I put these &quot;copper top&quot; batteries to the test.  What I  did was I stuck them in my flashlight expecting a brilliant flashlike-like  sheen.  What I got was far from.  A tiny light that could only be  classified as much less than miniscule.  I threw the flashlight at my cat  in disgust, expecting hilarious results, and I wasn't disapointed!  This  was the only good thing that came out of the worst purchase decision I've  ever made.  Thanks for nothing, dura-hell 
This product is difficult to sqeeze out of the bottle, need to use a lot of product to condition hair and just not happy with results. Hair seems stringy and has fly aways after use 
Although I am definitely on the 'Sonicare' bandwagon in so far as this product's ability to clean my teeth--it does a great job--this model brush is made quite poorly.  The battery compartment (the e3000 uses 'AA' batteries) on mine, regardless of it having an o-ring on the door, seems to be continually wet inside, with the negative (-) terminal on one of the AA-cells rusting after only two weeks use. Philips acknowledges this is a problem but offers no solution.  Also, there are many small crevices in/around the nameplate on the side, and a large gap under the nut for the brush-head that accumulates 'gook' on a daily basis. Philips advises that this is probably 'mold' and the brush should be 'disassembled and air-dried' after every use. It takes longer to do this than to brush my teeth--  Again, while this is probably one of the best ways to clean your teeth at this point in time, and an economical way to try one of the products that normally start out at $64e (and up), there is no reason why the e3000 shouldn't be made as well as the better units, or hold up to water/daily use as well as some of the $9 Crest electrics we commonly see 
The best kind of electric toothbrush (according to my hygienist) is one with a rotating top to the head, that way it gets the gums better. I ordered this one and I don't like it... besides the lack of rotating head, it is very loud and I feel like I'm going to wake up my roommates. :) 
I had an old Sonicare (rechargable) for about a year and a half. I dropped it and it stopped working. (My fault.) Not willing to pay ~$[...] for another rechargable one, I thought I would give the e3000 a try.  I then bought my first e3000 in August for 2006. It mysteriously stopped working around December of 2006. (I didn't drop it this time.) I bought a second one. It also mysteriously stopped working in March of 2007. (Again, I didn't drop it or harm the toothbrush in any way!) 2 Dead Toothbrushes in 8 months!  I'm not sure if I should buy another e3000 or if I should give up on the Sonicare brand completely. 
The good:  the massage function works fine, no problems with the performance, and the battery holds a good charge.  The bad:  how much money is saved in construction by using the cheapest foam padding imaginable?  The ugly: the 'pebbled vinyl' material on the arms is already separating after six months.  Maybe a cheaper material could have been found...but I doubt it.  Overall good in theory, but very poor in execution.  If some real quality were put into the product, it would rate potentially 5 stars.  'Til then,you've been warned.... 
I've had my shaveer for about a week and have given it several opportunities to do well.  I've worn out 3 Norelco shavers so this was a confident purchase I thought.  This razor grabs chunks of flesh and heaves it around the room as if the objective is to destroy my face rather than shave it.  I have tried to exercise the utmost care to keep this thing from ripping my face apart, but it continues to do it at least 4 times each shave, and with nothing more happening than just moving to another place on the face.  I'm going to decide who my worst enemy is and present it to them as a gift 
I bought this product based on the great reviews on amazon.  I had one of the original epiladies from the eighties, and was expecting some kind of miraculous new design that would be pain-free and effective.  Well, I guess you can't have both.  It's very comfortable to use but completely ineffective.  It takes forever to clear each section of hair, and the hair that is taken off breaks off just above the surface.  So the result is skin as stubbly as a three day old shaving job.  I guess it's back to the good old razor for me 
This grinder was recommended to me, but I have to say I find it frustrating to use.  Juice leaks out the bottom when grinding steamed vegetables or juicy fruit, and grinding some things (e.g., green beans) takes a lot of force.  While the price is fine, the high cost of "shipping and handling" to purchase one unit made me angry; had I noticed before I bought it, I wouldn't have!  Since then I've noticed that this is sold at most local grocery stores 
I purchased this item because of the trustworthy name and cordless feature. The positive reviews here are from first impressions. However, I have had this clipper close to a year but with probably less then 5 hours use. When I first received it, it felt very light and cheaply made. I gave it the benifit of the doubt and hoped for the best. Last time it worked, the motor slowed down to almost a halt. I keep it cleaned and oiled. The motor is just too cheap. Im not sure what the company Wahl was thinking when they made this product. They should really consider discontinueing this model because it is hurting their image. I would not even attempt to use my warranty because it's not defected parts. It's a total LEMON. It would be nice if they will let me exchange it for a different model or full refund. I would even pay the difference. I do not recommend this product 
I bought these clippers for cutting hair at home. Even when fully charged they offer very little power and tend to bog down when clipping only mildly thick hair. The charge doesn't last through one haircut.  The trimmer blades come off when you try to advance them with the thumb slider to adjust the length of hair being cut, and they don't trim evenly. I finally gave up on the trimmer attachment and went with just the trimmer blade over a comb.  I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone. I was extremely disappointed in it 
I gave this item as a gift. So I was disappointed when after only a few months of use, it was broken. I'm not sure what happened, but my haircutter has lasted for years 
The adjustable slider combs are horrible and I found the Conair where you had several combs to choose from worked better for me.  I cannot get it to cut the hair on my husband who likes it very short, it would not even take any hair off.  All it did was waste money and electricity to charge the battery.  I thought this was the best brand out there, but Conair beats them by a mile. I think I will take it back and get a refund and go buy a Conair with the money. 
We recently bought the same model dispenser, but in the satin finish.  From the first, only two of the three chambers were usable because the pumps didn't work (yes, we followed the instructions carefully).  Two months later, another pump has given out so only one chamber is usable.  Instead of this loser, try "The Dispenser 71450 Classic IV." We had one of these for years with never a problem and replaced it only because it was beginning to show its age. It's harder to fill than the AVIVA and not as pretty, but so what -- it works, and the AVIVA doesn't. 
I purchased these as a Christmas gift for my daughter.  They take way too long to heat up and the clips leave a crimp mark in her hair.  For the money I don't think they were worth it 
I got this curler set, and I completely regret it! I used it once, and I wont touch it again! It left my hair frizzy, and there was a bump from where the clamps were. It took me 3x as long to get fix my hair as it did to put it in the curlers and wait for it to cool down. I wouldn't even give it one star...take my advice- DO NOT buy this! 
I bought this for my lower back. I am pregnant now and my back keeps getting achy and goes out from time to time. It is great because it actually wraps all the way around to the back of my hips giving my entire lower back the heat without having to switch it from one side to the other.  However, the inner pad bunches up tremendously. I have used it for a few weeks now, and have to take the cover off to "open" the pad back up by stretching it out again. It hasn't gone back to the original shape. If I had known it would do this, I would have never purchased it. 
I wish I'd listened to the other reviews.  I bought this and it heated for exactly two months and then quit on me.  Claims a five year warranty but I can't return it to Amazon so it's just money wasted.  Be smarter than me, avoid this product if you value your money 
This heating pad was received as a gift to replace the Sunbeam heating pad I had used for 35 years and had finally worn out. I was delighted with the larger size, but the new pad did not heat at all. I returned it to HoMedics (along with the $5 handling charge), and two months later they sent a replacement. The replacement heats up, but after one use the pad was hopelessly twisted. It almost looks like it has melted to itself, and it can't be flattened out. I won't be sending this one back with another $5 handling charge--it isn't worth it. This one goes out with the trash, and I go back to Sunbeam. 
HAD THIS FOR LESS THAN A MONTH AND IT JUST STOPPED HEATING.....THE ONLY REASON I GAVE IT ONE STAR IS BECAUSE OF THE SIZE AND WHEN IT DID HEAT IT WAS NICE.....BUT FOR THE DOZEN TIMES USED IT WAS NOT WORTH BUYING...WILL BE RETURNING IT 
I liked this heating pad so much when I first used it that I immediately ordered a second one (for what I expected would be a year or two in the future). What I liked was that the wiring was indeed much thinner than other pads, allowing it to conform to the shape of my body. However, the first pad lasted only two weeks before failing to heat. I returned it to HomeMedics and they ignored me. The second one lasted nearly a month before it to failed to heat. I will not bother wasting the postage to return this one, as obviously HomeMedics does not care about quality nor customer satisfaction. I recommend that you not waste your money on this defective product 
Unfortunately, this is poorly designed. It is too high to rest you wrist on comfortably and the 'stimulating' rolling rubber parts are too hard and abrasive 
I bought two boxes of these Luv diapers (thats 448 diapers!) and I sure wish I had spent a little extra for Pampers Swaddlers.  These diapers leak out the top because they don't have any elastic on the tabs or anywhere on the waist.  Even the generic Kroger diapers have elastic waistbands!  I am just sad that I have to use these crappy diapers for so long! I also think they run small so I probably will not even use them all. What a waste!  The only good thing about these diapers is the price, but, I would highly recommend that you just buy your store brand instead if money is an issue.  P.S. I don't like Huggies either because they leak out the legs! Hard to find a good diaper 
The Elastic part is tape and my husband accidetly stuck it to our daughters legs. When I changed her diapr next she screamed because the tape was on her leg not the diaper. This could happen to anyone, nd I'm sure it's not good for a new baby's skin 
I purchsed a package of these because the supermarket was out of my regular diapers and my baby is only two months and we've been trying different diapers. I was instantly disgusted by the scent when I opened the package; the diapers are scented and it doesn't say so on the package. I would never have bought them if I'd known that. The worked fine for leaks and those related worries, but every time I put one on her I was irritated. I want to smell my baby, pooh incidend or not, when I pick her up. I don't want to smell the flowery perfume a corporation has added to their diapers. Shes my child, she smells, its ok 
The plastic on the foot massager was cracked down the center with a thin crack branching off to the right spinner. I was not in the same state when the package arrived so I was not able to open it for over a month...my loss. I don't know if it was not structurally sound, or if the box was just not handled properly.  Either way, I've got a dud 
I followed the instructions and didn't overuse it. The motor went after 2 months. I miss it so much that I am considering getting another one, even though I never got my money back for the first one 
I suppose it serves a function for people with bad eyesight or something. But......dear GOD that thing is ugly 
I'd give this machine 5 stars if #1)it wasn't so expensive and #2), it wasn't so darn small.  It barely fits anything inside.  It works well for pacifiers and a rattle or two, but that's about it.  Anything else just won't fit.  And the design of the inside, with the piece in the middle, makes it even more restricting.  In my personal opinion, this product is not worth the money.  I am so disappointed, because it sounded so perfect.  But, its just not 
I had this unit for about 6 months and it broke on me.  If it hadn't broke, I'll give if 4 stars 
Just used this razor for the first time.  Could not get a close shave out of it at all.  The trimmer will cut hair but not stubble.  On top of all of this it gave me a pretty bad gash.  I'm very disappointed in this razor but I guess I got what I paid for.  I'm going to order a new razor right now because I can't stand to shave with this one any longer than necessary 
The bed lift system is OK if all you want to do is sit up in bed and read. However, I did not like the way it bounced when trying to sleep on it and the edges or sides would collapse if you weren't centered in the bed 
I was happy to see this type of product available, but was not happy when I received it.  It seems like a flimsy piece of plastic, and the "magnets" looked like they were painted on, a gold-tone, and the paint looked like it was chipping off.  The base of the item is separate from the top of the item, which seems to be attached with springs?  It did run, but was very loud, like it was working too hard.  There is a note not to use it more than 20 minutes, which I'm not sure is because of a potential adverse affect with the user, or because the unit might overheat.  There were some spelling errors on the outside of the box (a few places said "reflexology" and a few places said "relexology")-- but maybe that just bothers me?  I think it is also important to note that the buyer pays shipping, and if returned -- also pays RETURN shipping charges; and when combined, nearly equals the original cost of the item.  ;o( 
I have cracked heals and a bit of a callous problem.  They aren't dragon feet, but they do have to be softened pretty often.  I have used the little blade scraper tool for a few years and that works well but when I saw the Artemis Heel Smoother advertised, I decided I had to try it.  It's a waste of money.  The appliance is no more than a low-tech dreml.  In fact, I have a Dreml type tool that was marketed as a dog nail trimmer that works better.  The Artemis appliance does NOT scrape any dried skin away..it merely sands your foot a bit..that is when you can get the darn thing to stay on the spot you put it on.  It comes with a small container of foot conditioning balm that is probably just straight cocoa butter except it has a really offensive aroma.  I would just as soon use a piece of sand paper than this thing.  Save your money.  
I bought this after I read the first review below (the one who gave this 5 stars).  It just doesn't work very well...I do a better job pumicing on my own (it just takes more effort).  The motor does get extremely hot, and the batteries die very quickly.  The box says it can run for 45 minutes on two AA's, but after about 5 minutes...you can feel it slow down.  Definitely not worth it.  I'm calling today to return it. 
I really wanted to like this product after reading all their hype about how quick and easy it is. Not. The motor in it heats up quickly and the thing stops working. You wait about 20 minutes for it to cool down and it will start up again. But by the time you are  getting results in one area of your foot, the thing heats up and stops working again. I went through four intervals of effective operation, heat build-up causing it to quit, waiting a long time for it cool off before starting up again. Finally I decided it isn't worth the time and aggravation, even though it produced good results during the intermittent periods when it worked. One more thing -- when I gave up and decided to return it, I took my Duracell batteries out and they were blazingly hot. I worry that it might be possible for the batteries to explode from the hot-running motor. I've never seen batteries get scalding hot like this. UPDATE: Found Something Much Better After returninng the Artemis, I tried the Medicool PediSenso professional pedicure appliance. This one costs 5 times the price of the Artemis but is SOOOO much better it is well worth it. The Medicool is plug-in electric and has much more power than the battery operated Artemis. It has variable speeds, 5 different sapphire filing attachments, and enough power to operate as long as you need. The sapphire files are different shapes and sizes and should last a lifetime, whereas the Artemis requires repeated purchases of its disposable filing heads and batteries. So over time the costs of owning the Artemis will add up -- if the overly hot motor does not burn out. If you have serious callouses and corns, like I do, the Medicool PediSenso will do a very serious, rewarding job. I'm so glad I found it and I am grateful for the relief it provides 
I tried this product because I had been using Arthred-G powder which was discontinued.  This product did not mix well either when stirred or shaken and the taste is so offensive that I could not finish drinking it. It tasted and smelled rather like soap. If you used Arthred-G you know it was easily mixed and did not effect the taste of the beverage.  There is no comparison here!!!  I would totally avoid this product 
I like how quickly the rollers heat - a vast improvement over waiting at least half an hour.  However, like the other reviewer said - I absolutely hate the clips.  They are all one size, so they are too large for the smallest rollers.  I also don't like them because they don't keep the roller still like the "U" shaped clips did, and they leave a dent impression in my hair.  I don't recommend them primarily because of the clip system 
I've tried this razor for 5 weeks, both wet and dry and can only say that this is the worst electric razor that I've ever used. It doesn't give a close shave and requires a second shave with a standard razor to remove some of the stubble. I should have bought a new Norelco instead of this. My old Norelco always shaved me close. This Panasonic would still be handy as a travel razor, or to be used in a pinch. But for a close shaving everyday razor, this isn't the one to buy. Oh well, I waited too long to send it back 
The previous reviews about this product were absolutely correct. The description of this product is a misnomer. The heating pad never heats up, and takes forever to just  warm up. On a scale of 1 to 5, I would rate it a zero! Don't waste your money on this. I will be returning mine 
I bought this one because it had 4 settings instead of three - So I thought one of them might actually be hot.  Instead, the highest setting is warm to the touch - not hot.  This may be a "lawsuit friendly" reality with heating pads today - I've yet to find one as good as my old one that died 2 years ago (I had that one for 10+ years, the Sunbeam replacement I bought prior to this one lasted 2 and wasn't hot). 
GOOD SCALE - COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER DESIGNE FOR FEET - FAT MEASUREMENT PRETTY CLOSE 
I couldn't send this item back quickly enough.  I presumed by its price being 2 to 3 times that of other foot massagers, that it would be an effective, high quality item. NEVER PRESUME!  With a low powered hair dryer mounted in the middle, it sounds like a small aircract while the base vibrates uncontrolably.  I'd say about twice as much energy was disbursed out the feet of the unit to my hardwood floor than to my feet.  I'm not someone with unreasonable expectactions as many of the reviewers I've read seem to have.  This is just an unusable product.  The materials look cheaper in person, it offers virtually no "massage" to the foot, and it is incredibly loud.  There is no redeeming quality to this item.  Before I bought it, I looked all over the web for a review, unable to find one.  Hopefully I can save someone else the disappointment.  Did I mention I hated it 
I've had this for about a month, and I've used it less than 6 times. Even though I've carefully handwashed it, and merely wiped off the ice ring, the ice ring has sprung a leak (ewww, blue liquid on my celery!!). The lid is difficult to snap on/remove. The center container/lid is really too tall for its diameter, which makes using it for dipping rather awkward 
I tried with two sets of new batteries, the goggle unit flashed but no massaging action whatsoever happened.  Besides that, the design looks cheap and it feels very tight and uncomfortable to wear.  Avoid this item 
It looks cool and I ordered one. It turns out a bad choice. The product is totally ineffective. Do not buy this unless you want to end up returning it like me 
Though the description of this product says it's filled with natural buckwheat hulls and rice, mine had a strong smelling deodorant coming from the removable bags you heat. I used them once and then packed them away because I do not like the odor. I wish the mitts had been unscented. Perhaps over time, or by next winter, the odor will be gone and I'll get some use out of them 
I just purchased a new heating pad to replace the one I had for years. I read the reviews and could not decide between all the choices, price being the primary concern. The saying you get what you paid for is true !! The heating pad works ok but the outer edges of this pad scratch you and the covering cloth is very cheap. Pay more and be happier 
I had bought this heating pad previously for an elderly cat because it did not have automatic shut-off and it works wonderfully. I just bought another one for our sickly kitten and they have added an automatic shut-off valve that they do not mention in the product description! I wanted a heating pad without automatic shut-off! I can get a heating pad with an automatic shut-off anywhere 
I bought two of these based on a 2005 customer review saying they don't have automatic shutoff, but now they do.  I guess this is considered an improvement, but I bought them for an elderly cat, and she can't reset the control every hour.  They are a good value if you don't mind the auto shutoff 
Before you buy, be sure to check where the pen was made. I have a number of older Cross pens that say "USA" near the top, and they are great pens. However, I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made, and they are of inferior quality. The top and bottom halves are loose, and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap. The first one I got, I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their "lifetime guarantee," only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a "handling fee" attached.  I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly, one bad pen. So later on when some new colors came out, I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.  My advice: if you want a good Cross pen, go to the secondhand store and buy one that was made in USA. They aren't making them the same anymore. 
Ordered a new pen and pencil set, opened the box only to see "Made in China". I dont even want them now 
Worst product on the market! A huge disappointment. I was very careful to use as directed. The result? One big mess! The lens were smeared and foggy with bubbles in them and I had no choice but to throw them away 
It's a gimmick.  Looks good on tv, doesn't do what it says. I'm embarassed to admit I even tried it 
The product is all smoke and mirrors.  Unless you have a clean room and are incredibly talented, you will not have lenses that are usable.  In fact, several attempts to use the product resulted in lenses that were worse 
This pad barely got warm. It's going back! Since this is the same complaint as with another Sunbeam model I tried, I suspect it isn't defective but intentional... probably for legal reasons. But shouldn't a heating pad actually have some heat to it?? 
This thing is a cheap piece of plastic, and for the same price you can get the larger, nice rock fountain that i have owned and know for a fact works well. I can hardly hear the sound of the rain over the whirring of the motor. It has a nice design in terms of look and it's compact. I also enjoy the lights for ambiance. But for relaxation, this thing has brought me more grief in 3 days than it's worth 
These 'cartridges' sell for about $2 a piece, plus shipping. I recently switched from the Mach 3 Turbo to a Merkur Double Edge Safety Razor and I can safely say I will never go back. The Mach 3 provides a decent enough shave (much better than an electric, in my experience) but the single blade is actually much smoother. I pay about 50 cents a blade now with the safety razor - each blade lasts a little over a week - versus the Mach 3 at $1.50-$2.00 lasting 6 or 7 days 
Not really an improvement over standard Mach 3 Cartridges, and certainly not worth the price jump. The shave quality still does not match that by an "old-fashioned" safety razor 
This product might do for a backpacking weekend with the Boy Scouts, but compared to a blade razor, or even an electric, it leaves a lot to be desired. I recommend giving it a pass 
Looked like a good product with a good price. Unit failed to turn on or ever  take a charge despite plugging in properly and trying to charge overnight as suggested in the instructions. Now I have to go and deal with returning it to Amazon, shipping it back, getting another one, etc. Am willing to change my review upon receipt/use of a new unit but definitely not giving a five since now I have to go through this trouble 
The shave gel bars that are attached to this razor extend out past the razor making a close shave nearly impossible. This razor worked ok on my legs where an extreme smoothe surface is not necesssary. But using this on the the more intimate areas is just frustrating because the gel bars did not allow the razor to get close enough to the skin. This razor does not poduce a light lather, it is more like a slime that drips from it. I did not notice a tropical scent 
Had to return this b/p cuff. Could not get it to work properly. Medical devices need to be made a great deal better than this one.. 
It was alright, but in a warm jacuzzi tub, it didn't last very long 
Oh Fusion Razor, Fusion Razor, Gleaming long and bright. Bring to the growth upon my face Your buzzing, five-blade might!  Your contours sleek and overformed, Your gripping action steady. Your shaving power manifold, T'would make a weak mind heady.  What thoughtfulness lies 'neath your shine? You gleam like spaceship rubble! And with your "Future Now" design, You lay waste to my stubble!  Too bad you lay waste also to The skin beneath the hair. Now I bemoan the scabby strokes That mar my visage fair.  Purring like a happy tiger That stalks its helpless prey, With your five and shining claws, My face you swiftly flay.  Our first few dates were sweet as silk, Your touch was oh-so-gentle. But by date three you bit and chewed, You've proven tempermental.  Oh, Fusion Razor, Fusion Razor, Why have you done me wrong? Although you're mighty, it's too bad My skin is not as strong.  Why do I keep on giving you A chance to find redemption? What razor god hath granted thee Such epiderm exemption?  Oh, no more, no, my razor friend, Your doom is clearly written By tributaries crimson red That on my cheeks you've smitten.  I wondered when I purchased you, Just what the "fusion" meant. Now I think it marks the meld 'Twixt shaves and punishment.  "The leading edge of science!" "The future is today!" "The greatest shave technology!" Your advertisements say.  Technology's not always good. Although it's what life's built on, It also causes wars and monsters (much like Paris Hilton).  I need no buzzing, layered mesh Of steel that swiftly flails. I think I'd rather shave myself With dull Lee Press-on-Nails.  So, adieu, my Fusion Razor, Don't leave in dour depression. Take comfort in that tho' your banned, You still left an impression 
I got the Fusion razor in the mail a few weeks ago so I decided to give it a try.  At first it seemed ok, but I started noticing that it pulled at the hair on my face more than my Mach 3 turbo.  I decided to experiment and shave half of my face with a Mach 3 Turbo and the other half with the Fusion.  From my experience, the Mach 3 Turbo gave a closer shave, and glided much smoother across my skin than the Fusion.  I think the 5 blades on the Fusion are more of a gimmick than anything else.  And as cool as the single trimming blade is, it seems like Gillette had to include this because of the poor accuracy of having 5 blades.  In other words, the single blade is a fix rather than a feature.  My call is if your using a Mach 3 Turbo, don't waste your money on the Fusion 
I found this razor as the same as the other ones. Don't let them lie to you when you heard that this is the best one. The only cool part about it is that it has a small razor in the back that help the delicate areas like under the nose, et 
Gillette has a quality control problem with the blades.  This is a recent problem, but it nonetheless has caused me to swithch to Schick disposable razors.  The Gillette problem has to do with the blue strip on the razor face.  The blue strip degrades after only a few shaves, and then it actually leaves a blue residue on your face. 
does not cut hair as closely as their other model er 43 
I recently purchased this model to replace an older Panasonic model that I loved for years. This new model ER430K is simply horrible and is a completely unacceptable replacement. It's nice and quiet, and I'm sure the vacuum works great, but I wouldn't know since the blades would not cut the hairs I was trying to trim. We're talking about hairs easily 1/4" in length. A trimmer should be able to shave those down, don't you think? If the hair was longer than that I could have used scissors. Don't bother even trying this product, it's a waste of money 
My rollers are constantly popping out of the clip holders from this set, regardless of me using more or less hair. Maybe there is a magical perfect portion of hair to roller ratio. If so it is impossible to find. I dunno, but I do know I would NOT recommend these. Also even when I get these to stay in my hair, my hair doesn't curl nearly as much as it usually does in hot rollers. Overall buy something else 
The pins for the curlers are awkward and hard to use.  I don't like them 
Unless you have the physique of an NBA player find another make of massager.  This one is too heavy, hard or impossible to hold, and very awkward to use.  If used by one person on another it might be usable.  On the positive side it does give you a good massage 
I have very thick, very coarse, wavy hair. When my two year old CHI straightening iron broke, I needed to replace it quickly!  Locally the only iron I could find was the T3 Tourmaline iron, so I thought I'd give it a try.  It cost more than the CHI, was sold at a fancy salon, and could even be used on damp hair.  Surely it would be a good replacement.  Unfortunately, it failed to impress.  -It did not leave my hair silky smooth.  While my hair was certainly straighter, it still looked coarse.  (This was on the hottest setting and with several passes over the hair)  -Because my hair is so thick, an iron needs to reduce the volume.  The T3 failed in this respect, too.  -I thought I would like the larger (almost 2") iron surface.  The T3 has a perfectly flat surface, which made it impossible to get a flip or curl on the ends.  Needless to say, I returned it quickly to the pricey salon and will be getting another CHI!  Perhaps this brand would work better for someone with fine hair, since the temperature can be adjusted 
Do not buy this iron.  It's fabulous while it works, for which it does merit the one star.  But it broke in less than a week.  It overheated, or something, and then wouldn't turn on again.  But here's the kicker: if you buy it from Amazon, the company won't honor the warranty.  I don't have particularly heavy-duty hair.  This is just totally unacceptable. 
However, after using for 10 minutes it automatically shuts off and would not come back on. Straightened and dried my hair beautiful but spend the extra money at Sephora because everyone is getting bad irons from Amazon. It is really sad that no one can get one that is worth what you pay. So if you have had good luck with one so far, be glad because I paid for the 2 day shipping couldn't wait, and have GREAT disappointment because now I have to return it! 
The concept is cute, although the size makes it a bit difficult to store when you are not wearing them, but the main problem is that they give you hat hair, compressing your hairstyle with the band that surrounds your head.  Regular glasses go in between the hairs, so everything fluffs out.  If you never take off your reading glasses, have a buzz cut, are bald or otherwise wear your hair flat against your head (but be careful of buns), the clic connect reader may be fine for you.  Otherwise, conventional glasses are a better bet 
Bought this hoping for a good amount of steam for facials and sinus problems.. hardly any steam comes out and there are too many little pieces and parts.  Not worth the $$ at all. I'm back to boiling a large pot of water for steam 
The ice ring used to keep the salad cold burst the first time I put it in the freezer!  Evidently, the plastic did not allow for adequate expansion when the gel froze, so the seam burst and the liquid dripped out when it thawed!  In addition to that, my soup was luke warm at lunchtime 
I had another Norelco shaver for the last 5 (or more) years.  The difference in the shaves is striking.  Both less pain when my stubble is a little long and closer.  However, the reason this shaver is cheaper is that there is 1 battery inside it instead of 2.  I know this because I took it in to be "repaired" because I only got 8 shaves to a charge.  I talked (online) with Norelco and they said my shaver was broken.  So, I looked up on the Norelco site a local authorized repair shop.  I took it in and the guy opened it up.  He said it was one of the "cheap" versions that has 1 instead of 2 batteries.  My old shaver, over most of its life, gave me 25 or so shaves before needing to be recharged.  That's quite a difference 
Would rate at no stars if possible. First one failed after 7 months, would not hold charge. It was replaced under warranty; the replacement failed after 8 months, again, would not hold charge. Customer Service said to send in for repair, no estimate of how long I'd be without a razor. My response is "forget it." Braun, here I come 
I'm a fan of the line, I love the chocolate, but this vanilla was too fake tasting and too strong tasting.  Vanilla should be subtle, this was more like taking a shot of extract. 
I really wanted to love this fragrance...after all, it is quite expensive and I'd read rave reviews on many websites...but after one spritz I sold it to a friend of mine! My favorite perfumes are Beyond Paradise, Ralph Lauren Romance, Ralph Lauren Style, and DKNY Be Delicious. Light Blue, to me, smells overwhelmingly of musk. I wore it all day and I ended up feeling nauseous, with a bad headache. This must be one of those perfumes that works well on most everyone else except for me 
I've been taking these for over 3 weeks.. I have not seen any new hair growth.  I think that new hair that does grow will be stronger but this has not caused my hair to grow any faster.  I would suggest just buying hair supplement vitamins from GNC or any other place you can find them.  They are much less expensive 
These hair topia pills are nothing but garbage! Pure nonsense! Trust me, I know this because I used to buy them. I first bought these pills last year in June 2005 after hair formula 37's unsuccessful promise of producing longer and stronger hair in the four months of usage. Well, these pills were not as expensive as the previous brand mentioned, and had promised also to change dry and brittle hair to long and healthy, and it did absolute NOTHING. I said to myself, like hair formula 37, that maybe I just need to give this more time, so I bought a 2-month supply and gave it 3 months in all and there was no difference at all. This product might just work for others, which it has, but it certainly didn't work for me. I must admit that I brought this on myself, as my mother warned me not to buy these ridiculously expensive pill since they do nothing for hair that grows naturally anyway, and that if you really want to get hair pills then just buy them a whole lot cheaper in regular stores like Giant or even hair vitamins in the damn Dollar Store! These hair growth pills are too damn expensive, so when you are paying all of that money then you expect it to work. The fact that it does not is infuriating because $39.99 + $7 in shipping, with a total of a little over $46, is a lot of money to spend on something that does nothing. Thus, I am here to warn others not to waste their precious money. And if you are going to, please don't do it on this site-you can buy this product a little cheaper at hairboutique.com. 
This doesn't even deserve 1 star.  This supposed "relaxation" gadget was a complete waste of time and money.  It had NO HEAT as advertised and the vibration just left my ears itching.  (...) Instead of relaxing, it has increased my stress level 150%!!  (... 
Sure it has many pretty lights and a slick design. One problem though: it is terrible at SHAVING! I was using my old Braun 6520, and was quite happy with it. Then I saw a good deal for this "new, redesigned, superb, self-cleaning" shaver and decided to upgrade. Bad idea! After shaving with it, it looks like I have a day-old stubble. No matter how much I twist and press it, the "new super system of blades designed by no one other than Gillette" does a bad job.  This morning I actually pulled my old 6520 out, shaved off as much as I could with this "360 Complete" garbage, and then used 6520 to see how much "clean up" it would do. The difference was both very visible and substantial! I am really sorry I bought this and feel duped by their marketing... Don't make the same mistake as me. Buy something else and save your money 
I got this as a gift for my husband.  He used it for about 3 weeks, but still had red marks, and had to follow up afterwards with a regular "disposable" razor.  The whole process of shaving took twice as long as disposable razors and wasn't as good.  Luckily, Braun had a 30 day money-back guarantee, so we were able to return it (minus shipping x 2) 
A big disappointment.After filling with hot water as instructed the water temp cooled off immediately regardless of the "warmer" as advertized.It was too shallow to cover the feet if massage attachments were in place.I returned it for a refund 
i had ordered this item expecting good things from it. however, the article has never worked properly. the electrical system seems to be working fine, but the uv light has never come on. somehow it seems pointless to have a toothbrush sanitizer that does not sanitize. right now the product is only a toothbrush holder; nothing more. i generally do not pay such a high price for a toothbrush holder. i have been in contact with the producer of the product and hope to have something done about it. in short, i won't buy anything like this again 
This product states 4 toothbrushes.  That is incorrect, it only holds 3. This product also states 4 AA batteries or AC Adapter.  That is also incorrect.  You cannot use 4 AA.  I felt that was misleading and unfortunately unless to me.  If those things don't bother you, it might be what you are looking for, but since it does bother me, i never even tried it 
I agree with other reviewers that it feels good and doesn't smell too much, however, I've experimented with it several times to confirm my findings, and it turns out to give me really bad blackheads.  I'm 25 with an oily t-zone and very dry facial skin. On mornings after using this cream, I have nasty blackheads on my forehead and chin.  There are better products out there 
This may work well, but the cuff size is not as it is in the description. It says this will work on an arm circumference of up to 18 inches. Not even close. My arm is a little under 13 inches and was too large for the cuff by far. Sure, you can get the cuff to go around your arm, but there are indications on the cuff that have to line up for it to work properly, and there was just no way to even come close 
Before you buy, be sure to check where the pen was made. I have a number of older Cross pens that say "USA" near the top, and they are great pens. However, I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made, and they are of inferior quality. The top and bottom halves are loose, and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap. The first one I got, I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their "lifetime guarantee," only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a "handling fee" attached.  I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly, one bad pen. So later on when some new colors came out, I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.  My advice: if you want a good Cross pen, go to the secondhand store and buy one that was made in USA. They aren't making them the same anymore. 
I'm not sure if I just received a defective pen or what happened. My general experience with Cross pens has been very positive. This one, however, is awful. It doesn't write smootly and leaves ink everywhere 
I have been using Cross product for lat 15 years. This product which is Made in China, has highly disappointed me. The finish of the pen is very poor. Gold plating is  of a poor quality. It has some patches of a different color. The body has sharp edges. Overall it has spoilt my impression about Cross products. Regards R.P. Kal 
I don't recommend this ashtray to anyone. I was never able to use it since there were no instructions with it and I could not figure out how to put batteries in. Other people tried besides me. There was no way to contact the company as their website doesn't seem to exist anymore. At least I couldn't contact them after numerous attempts 
It's quality is cheap and poorly made.  I bought two thinking it was a good deal but I threw them out after 2 days because the on/off switch didn't work.  It was also very loud 
I don't have a particularly large skull but these barely fit together on the bridge of my nose. I don't see how the manufacturer can claim one size fits all; as I said I don't have a huge melon like Mike Myers's brother in "So I Married an Axe Murderer". The idea/concept is great but...I'll probably return them. Unfortunate because I was really looking forward to using them. People with REALLY big heads, caveat emptor 
Returned right after I tried it... does not get hot AT ALL.  Very disappointed since it is so expensive 
I was surprised to find positive reviews for this heating pad, since I just returned mine after one use.  Perhaps the one I got was defective, but even on the highest setting this heating pad was barely warm to the touch and wasn't hot enough to penetrate my sore back muscle.  I also thought that the convenience of strapping the pad on would be excellent to target the lower back area, and found the shape of the pad and the flimsy elastic strap provided to be very uncomfortable to wear.  The placement of the strap doesn't allow the pad to conform to the body, but only to press against it where the strap runs through - just the center, not the rest of the pad.  I realize there are probably now safety standards for heating pads that preclude them from getting too warm, but hopefully they are not so stringent as to not allow any electric heating device from getting warm enough to penetrate sore muscles properly.  For the time being I'll keep wearing Thermacare(TM)  back wraps (which are expensive - could have bought two heating pads by now) but do last 8 hours at a time and provide intense enough heat. Also, this disposable product is surprisingly comfortable to wear and more directly applies heat to the area where I need it.  If you need intense heat for a sore back, I'd skip this heating pad 
Cheap product in all means. It riped off my hair while straightening and did a very lousy jo 
I have had this straightener for about a year.  It will get my wavy hair straight but not quickly and I have to use the high heat settings.  Also, my hair does not get stick straight but if your hair is already pretty straight then this is a good straightener 
I bought this product and thought i would be very happy with it, I was not, It snagged and quit and was overall a piece of crude. Very unhappy with this purchase 
Thought this would save time and be easier than a blow dryer and round brush, but no. My hair is long-ish and kind of fine/straight. The brushes would not grab the hair enough like my regular round hair brush. So, I couldn't get the  full volume results I wanted. I can see how those with thick or wavy hair would fare better. It is very loud though. I returned mine 
I thought this hot air brush would make things easier by not having to hold a round brush and blow dryer. It's a great idea, but it just doesn't work as well as that.  First let me say I have shoulder length, normal hair, but a lot of it. If I air dry, it is slightly wavy. I used the larger of the two brushes and found it couldn't get through my hair. So then I was using a second hand to try to push the hair against the brush so it would curl around it. That didn't work very well, and I wound up burning my hands more than once. I also found that I couldn't get the same nice curl with this hot air brush that I could get by using a regular round brush and dryer.  The other major problem was that the brush got extremely hot. If you have an idea that you'll be able to change from the larger brush size to smaller (or the unit without the attachment) or vice versa, you won't without getting burned. The attachment--even the end of the blow dryer itself--is simply too hot to touch. I was doing things like using a hand towel to try to change attachments.  The size and shape of the unit is also not optimal. I found it too large and awkward to use. The off button is located right where your hand is, so it's easy to bump. Also, there's no cold shot. If you've come to appreciate what that can do for setting a curl, you'll probably miss it like I did.  Additionally, as another person has mentioned, the unit is very loud. You would be wise to buy a couple foam ear plugs if you are determined to keep this brush and keep your hearing. I don't believe I read any warning about the noise, either. It's much louder than my traditional guy-style blow dryer.  Time wise, I found that I spent much longer trying to get my hair dry, and then I wasn't fully satisfied with the style as well as the burns and hassle involved in getting there. I gave this a try for a few days and then returned it to the store for a refund. It made me appreciate the traditional blow dryer and round brush. Some things are just not as good as they seem. 
First of all, let's talk about the noise level on this thing.  YIKES!  That should be against some kind of consumer protection law. The blowdryer part is ok, but didn't like the brushes at all.  I'll go back to my Conair stying brush and my straightener. Live and learn 
I thought buying a item with a well known name as this would be great.  I would have hoped the price would even out my possible satisfaction for this product.  Also I loved the pink.  When I opened the box the plates on the flat iron were hanging off.  I tried to snap them into place but they would not stay.  For the amount of money I payed i expected a much better product.  Needless to say i returned it the next day. 
     I'm not sure how reliable these types of thermometers are so I don't know whether to say this one or these types are not very reliable.  Either way it is really hard to get a correct temperature or to know if you have gotten a correct temperature with this thermometer.  I follow the instructions and have to repeat them over and over before I get a consistent reading.  I threw mine away 
This is the most innacurate thermometer I have ever come across.  Each reading seems to increase or drop by 1 degree or more.  Moreover, the battery only lasts for 1-2 uses.  Granted, one needs to take 10 readings to get a general idea of the correct temperature, but you would think the battery could last a few more times.  When you have a sick child, accuracy and time are of the essence 
THOUGHT THIS WOULD WORK,SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER.A PEN LIGHT WOULD DO THE SAME THING.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY,OR YOU WILL LOOK AS SILLY AS ME.I RETURNED THE PIECE OF JUN 
This machine bubbles but they are anything but quiet. the water was cold in less than 2 minutes even though i put hot water in has per the instructions. A bucket would probally have done better along with air pump from my fish tank 
Made of cheap plastic. Generate loud noise. The switch broke off the 2nd week I got it. 
I ordered the product thinking that it should be good for the price. But it doesnot keep the warm water warm for 10 mintues. The pedicure set is hard to use. The bubbles are not effective.I guess cheap is expensive!!! 
I bought this a few months ago, and after about three or four shaves it stopped working properly. It yanks on the hairs instead of cutting them, which is very painful! It doesn't pull them all the way out, which is even worse because it means you have to go over and over the same spots if your desperate enough to continue.  Sometimes it works okay, but what good is a razor that only works half the time? Others here have noted the short battery life and change in sound when it's losing power. Mine does sound "slower" when it's yanking the hair, but that doesn't seem to be related to battery charge (e.g. it can start the shave in evil hair-pulling mode, and then straighten up and shave right five minutes in!) Even when not pulling hair, the shave is not close. Definitely find a different razor 
I would give it negative stars but that wasn't an option. This thing is horrible...doesn't cut very close, certainly doesn't hold a charge, engine noise slows down and dies out after about 5 minutes. And oh yeah...the horrible razor burn!!! Seriously the razor burn was horribly painful even with shaving creams 
The battery life is the worst of any electric razor I've ever used.  The razor doesn't provide a close shave and mine broke after just three uses.  The razor is very cheaply constructed and I would not recommend this to anyone.  You're better off spending twice the money to get a durable machine 
I've used much better electric shavers in the past. I find it hard to hard to get a close shave but easy to scrape my skin. 
It vibrates like a massage mode of Sonic Complete. You'll get less than what you pay. You should brush hard even while it is vibrating 
I complete disagree with the previous review on that Sonicare is superior.  I've used all of the sonic toothbrushs on the market and Braun Sonic Complete is by far the best.  However, this unit is NOTHING like Sonic Complete, the sonic energy is completely in the handle, it's like holder a vibrator.  The real Sonic Complete channels the energy to the brush head...  You are probably better more with one of the other two models of Vitality that uses rotational brush heads 
Pull ups are NOT very good for potty training, they are for parents who are too lazy to take their kids to the bathroom.  Potty training does not include using diapers.  That is what these are is fancy diapers.  If you want to potty train your kids put them in real underwear or training pants with a plastic cover on them.  The wetness liner is a joke.  These also give kids the impression that if they do not want to go to the bathroom they can just go in their pants 
When I gave birth I had already bought packages of newborn huggies. They were horrible. I thought once my boys got older that maybe huggies would work then. NOPE. I've tried Huggies Supreme and the cheap huggies. They are both made horribly and after your child goes in them once they sag so bad you have to go change them. I thought since everyone always talks about pull-ups that they would work once potty training time came around. WRONG AGAIN. They leaked evertime he wore them. Do not waste you money. I always ended up going back to the pampers swaddlers, cruisers, and training pants. Pampers are the best. 
Because if you do, this is the unit to do it with! The combination of a demineraliztion cartridge that does not work and/or the silver stick has resulted in the total coating of my new macbook pro's internal circuitry with metal deposits. No, I do not work in a metal shop. I use my computer solely in my apartment room. Yes, it is from the humidifer. The dispersion pattern is heaviest around the fan intake areas. 
The topmost review described these batteries as "AA in a D package," which is entirely correct.  What certain loser battery brands like Energizer do is put a AA battery in a D-sized sleeve, thereby hoodwinking unwary consumers into purchasing an inferior product that holds a much smaller (approx 2500 mAh) charge than a "normal" D cell (9000+ mAh.)  Fortunately, these bogus D cells are easy to spot if the manufacturer prints the maximum charge on the packaging--that is, 2000-2500 mAh, which is AA cell territory.  Additionally, the fakes are much lighter than the genuine article--inside is mostly air.  Too bad I mistakenly bought a package of these.  I'll have to settle for consoling myself by boycotting Energizer for the rest of time.  (... 
Top of the line (April 2005) D-cell NiMH batteries have 11,000 mAh compared to this one 2,200 mAh (they cost 16 bucks but 10,000 mAh battery costs six bucks). Top of the line AA NiMH batteries have capacity of 2500 mAh. Top of the line NiCad D-Cell batteries have 5000 mAh capacity (costs around five bucks). I thought that NiMH was more capable than NiCad. True, but not in this case.  So what are we gettting here? Higher AA battery capacity in D-cell case. This battery is overpriced for what it delivers. 
I bought 8 size D's for my boom box thinking it would be the answer to having to buy batteries every few camping trips.  Wrong answer.  I was able to play 2 1/2 CDs before my box was out of juice.  Game over.  I realize these batteries lose their charge quickly by sitting around, but these batteries were fresh off the charger when I left.  I figured they'd at least last into the night, but they were finished before sundown.  Don't believe anyone who says these are for high drain devices...  I got fooled.  Fool me once, shame on you.  We can't get fooled again 
I travel 2-3 weeks a month for work and I needed a hairdryer that was better than the 1000 watt hotel dryers, so after some research I decided to purchase the travel-size T3.  During the first time I used it, it started smoking and the coils in the back flared up and caught on fire. (There were actual flames -- although they quickly burned out)  I took the dryer back to Sephora and I was quickly given a replacement.  While I had dryer #2, I noticed that it took 15-20 minutes to dry my hair, when it usually takes 20-30. However, I have the full size T3 at home and it takes about 10 minutes when I use that one.  I was expecting this to offer the same power as the other T3.  The bottom line is that I didn't notice a big difference between the travel T3 and the hotel hairdryers that are built into the bathrooms.  After 6 months, the handle broke on the 2nd hairdryer making it rather challenging to use.  If you want a great hairdryer, buy a full size T3, Elchim or Chi Pro -- if you need something to travel with, you're better off with finding space for the full size model. 
I bought this scale because I figured the price was right.  Well, as they say, you get what you pay for.  First of all, it is flimsy in construction.  I am under 200 lbs., yet when I step on it, the cheap plastic bends down.  You can just feel how thin and unsubstantial the plastic is.  Next, the first time I weighed myself, I found that I had lost 7 lbs. overnight!  If only this were true.  I didn't believe it.  I stepped off and got back on and I had gained back 5 of the lost pounds.  Off and on again -- and I was up another 4.  If you like to just kind of average your many readings, then this scale will work for you.  Otherwise, take a pass.  BTW, and I was using it on a flat hard surface. 
this scale is too small, I have size 11 feet and my feet dont fit on the scal 
We already owned a different HoMedics sound machine and it's far better than this one.  The volume control doesn't work well at all on this machine; either far too low or way too loud and there was lots of static, no matter where we used the machine.  The product seemed very flimsy as well.  We ended up returning it and will spend more for a better machine 
My one star rating is for Amazon's service, not the WaterPik attachment, which I never received.  Despite the fact that I ordered this on 20 February 2007 and shipping was stated to be 7-9 days (and is still stated to be 7-9 days), TWO weeks later Amazon has contacted me that shipping on this item will not be until 5-9 April 2007.  I have canceled the item and ordered from another internet store and should receive this in a few days.  In my many years ordering from Amazon, I have found it's best not to order any items with any type of shipping delay, as shipping almost always takes far longer than promised.  I don't understand why Amazon can't keep better track of their inventory 
I purchased the Waterpik NA-2 gentle sinuse rinse attachment, expecting it to work with the Waterpik Professional Ultra Dental Water Jet, since that is what was advertised. THEY DON'T FIT IN THIS MODEL, SO DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME PURCHASING BOTH TOGETHER! The sinus attachments are too short, so they can't "click" into the water pik. The end result: Water leaks out, and there is no pressure through the sinus attachment. I had to return both items since the Amazon rep couldn't find any sinus attachment to work in the Waterpik Ultra model. It's a shame because I love the small footprint of the Waterpik Ultra, and it comes with a lot of cool attachments. Hopefully Waterpik will come up with something in the near future 
Would work great, except...this doesn't fit my new WaterPik Ultra (WP-100). 
I bought this shaver about one year ago. For years I was using Braun shavers and was happy with them but decided to try competition. In spite of few people on internet who mentioned short lifespan I gave Panasonic a try.  Shaving is fine, it runs quiet and you get 5-7 shaves with one charge.  After about one year it started making strange noise and you get only 3-4 shaves with one recharge. Month later slowly went dead. Exactly as some other people wrote on bulletin boards, what make me to believe to those people writing reviews.  You would expect more shave for $100. Today I went to buy Braun shaver. 
I owned this set for about 2 and a half years before I finally just gave up and switched to a different brand of hot rollers (I used it about 4-5 times per year). First off, the rollers are very heavy so when you have them all in place, it feels like you are carrying a laundry basket on your head. Second, the rollers are hot to the touch so burning can be an issue when rolling up your hair. Third, the clips used to hold the rollers in place are fantastically difficult to use. I would roll up my hair (which would take like, 30 minutes because of the difficulty), and if I walked around the house to watch TV while I waited for my hair to set, the clips would spring out of place and shoot across the room. I eventually lost like 6 clips from the "springing out" thing.  The results of these rollers were great, though. I used them on my wedding  day and people loved it. Good results, but not worth the time and effort to use these rollers 
 I purchased two Aquis Microfiber, Waffle, White (19 x 39 inches) Towels.  Although they are quite expensive, the positive reviews made them sound great.  Well, they are not.  The towels are quite thin, and do not rub/slide well on the skin.   They give the feeling of having a rubbery coating of some kind which makes them wad up when you rub your skin. They are the same thickness as a dish towel, so we are using them to blot the dishes when they come out of the dishwasher. Save your money on this one! 
This pillow is soft and sqwishy, but it is too small. Also, there is a vibrator inside that doesn't work. I just cut out the battery case and use it once in a great while 
I've only used the unit 3 times, and the flip-over trimmer broke when I "flipped" it over to attach to the main clipper head. The plastic attachment for the flip over trimmer is supposed to fit over the main head, that cracked in two, and about 8 pieces scattered on the floor. It's very disappointing. I'm hoping the rest of the unti will perform for longer, I can't seem to find the receipt 
Doesn't work on coarse hairs.  Doesn't remove, only trims.  Okay for fine light hair--of course, if you have fine, light hair, you don't need to try to remove 
This stuff does not work at all! I tried this because it was the only one of the lens repair solutions that didn't have negative feedback, save yourself money and do not buy this product. It looks just like nail polish and leaves the same kind of film on your lense 
This review covers the FB11NR: same unit with slightly different control pushbuttons and with an IR remote.  Somehow, i had deluded myself into thinking that the spinning massagers under each foot were powered. Nope... basically just built-in plastic versions of those usually wooden massaging rollers that one rolls one's foot upon. That's fine, yet when i want to relax, i'm not thinking about moving my feet. Fortunately, those are removable, and removal is exactly what happened.  The killer was that the center massage wheel, which IS supposed to be powered and IS supposed to spin, was D.O.A. This unit went back to the store, and we bought an FB21 instead. Amazon has no listing for that model, so i can't give a full review on it. It was good enough to keep.  Both the FB11NR and the FB21 share some traits. Neither one really keeps water anywhere near its original temperature. Sound levels vary from fairly quiet to quite loud, depending upon the operating mode chosen (i did dB measurements on the FB21, but since Amazon doesn't list that one, you don't get to see them). The FB21 seems to have slightly better build quality, and everything worked out of the box, so we kept that one 
Does NOT maintain water temp. Splashes all over AT the proper water level. Rollers hurt. Noisy. Weak vibrations. I wouldn't want one for $5 
I agree with the other reviews. It was a huge disappointment that it didn't heat the water. It is only supposed to maintain the temperature, but after using it for about 20 minutes, it didn't even do that. The manual rollers hurt my feet and it sloshes water around and spills it when you move your feet back and forth. Back to the store indeed 
A fine example of how fickle or intimate (I prefer the word intimate) scent is to each of us. This is one fragrance that I have not gotten to like. Received as a gift more than a year ago, the bottle still has three-quarters. It does have a `rich' scent but I find it to be too confusing and indescribable a scent, not educing a one word description like `sporty', `sexy', `alluring'. I don't wear it very often but I don't recall a single occasion of `what fragrance are you wearing?' with this one. It's just not my cup of tea so definitely, if you're not familiar with this scent beforehand; do not buy before trying it out at a department store for a day. Why Buy? As a gift for the guy competing for the female that is currently in your crosshairs. As a gift for your boss - you will know he's coming from a mile away. You need a gift for a guy who couldn't pour water out of a boot even if there were instructions on the hee 
I purchased this lumbar support for a recent back problem. Big mistake! It simply will not stay put no matter what chair I tried it with. The arch that is supposed to help relieve back pain and give support is just too much, it has you bending over backwards. I believe it actually made my back ache more. 
I bought this product in Rite Aid. Unfortunately, it irriates my face. They are scamming people just to buy this product. Instead of repairing my face, this product damage my face. There are a lot of wierd red spot that grows on my face since I start using this. Now, I need to go to the dermatologist and have a surgery due to this product. If I knew this will happen, I will not waste my money to buy this product. 
I have to clarify this is NOT THE SAME as YOUTHFUL ESSENCE. IT does NOT work the same and the product is NOT the same.  I MUST clarity that...  I dont want to confuse anyone here. Youthful Essence for instance is NOT pasty or harsh, or gritty. IT is very smooth, and makes yours skin incredible and soft 
Avobenzone 2.0% , Homosalate 15.0% , Octinoxate 7.5% , Octisalate 5.0 
Our first unit lasted about almost 2 months. Despite the relatively short lifespan, I thought the product was worth it considering the dirt-cheap price. However, the second unit we got leaked water at the base during its first use; so, it went back to Amazon the very same day it arrived our home. This product is so dangerous. Without exercising some safety precaution, it can cause electrocution! 
We bought this at suggestion of our dentist.  However, it is difficult to use, extremely messy and the on/off button on handle is difficult to press.  We used it a couple of times but have not used it since because of messiness and inconvenience.  Our neighbors bought the same model, tried to use it a few times and have not tried to use it since for the same reasons we gave.  Save your money and go back to flossing! 
I had to return my recent purchase due to a defect.  I have used WaterPik Dental Water Jets for many, many years and typically have to replace every two or three years.  I was disappointed to receive a defective product but began shopping locally for another dental water jet.  I purchased the WaterPik Ultra, and I am pleased with the design, size and operation thus far.  I just hope WaterPik can maintain quality of their products and that my current purchase will provide another two to three years of service 
I purchased this dryer because of the shape and attachments and wanted to try an ionic dryer. First of all, if this is an ionic dryer I was better off with my super cheap dryer. Second, the back seam of the dryer melted!! Several people have mentioned that it overheats and they are not lying. It shuts off and refuses to come back on. Which is good because then it might melt completely. Don't waste your money on this 
This dryer made my wavy hair straighter than a seperate brush and dryer ever could.  THe problem is that it just shuts off.  The first time I used it, it shut off twice within a 20-minute period.  It wouldn't restart when I plugged it back in, or even when I tried a different outlet.  No matter what I tried, it wouldn't restart for about 5 minutes.  I've used an older model of this dryer and the same thing happened.  I wouldn't recommend buying this product 
I recently bought his blow dryer and to my surprise when I use it it sends out huge sparks and smoke towards my head.... pretty dangerous in my opinion, I don't reccomend it 
The disadvantage is you have to press on button while you style. It makes my arm and finger tired 
of little or no use - much to difficult to use when you are excercising - i find this product totally unacceptabl 
Seriously, I don't know how anyone can use this thing.  I have had tatoos, waxing, and dental fillings, and I would rather have any and all of those before I ever try this product again.  It feels like an electric shock and continuous pulling of duct tape on your skin.  Just awful.  In the products defense, I don't think there is a way to make this device easy to use and leg friendly (God forbid you try it anywhere else, ladies!!).  I was able to remove the hair from about 2 inches of my leg and I gave into the pain and went back to shaving.  Yikes 
This was a terrible product.  I got little sores everywhere I used it.  believe me, I will only use it once.  Wish I had my money back 
When I bought this, the other review wasn't posted yet. Now, please benefit from our two reviews. This thing is a total joke. Useless, too small (I have larger hotel samples). I too would like to return this, but I just don't have time before Christmas. Amazon should NOT offer this item. It is a complete let down, over priced and just a joke. No fooling 
This is a cheap plastic (except for the metal tube)toy. It's like those hand claws for kids. You squeeze the handle and the claw closes. The grabber part on this thing has a 2 1/2" opening. You won't be able to grab a small can of soup. The magnet is weak and is located on the outside of one of the grabber finger. On the inside of the fingers, they have rubber pads that are removable (probably for cleaning) but they seem to come off on their own 
If you have the Philip's Sonicare brand electric toothbrush, don't buy this unit, they do not fit in slots.I had to return mine, and am out shipping, handling, & return shipping charges. Just an FYI, if your electric brush head is any bigger than a standard size toothbrush, (diameter) don't buy it either, it won't fit. They do have a model ESA302 that works with the Sonicare, but it is alot larger 
I bought this product a few months ago and now it has stopped working. Ans I do agree, the smaller the hair straightener, the better (I originally had a smaller one, that my salon uses, but it also stopped working). The light is on, and the heat comes off and on randomly. Very upsetting. 
I saw a commercial, I read a reviews - and so I bough one box at Walmart. It's not worth it, that's my conclusion. The trays are made of very thin plastic-like material, and are very difficult to position properly on your teeth. The active gel easy goes out of trays, and fills your mouth. During first couple od uses, after 20 min or so I started to feel a vague pain in my gum.  Nevertheless, I continued using the product for all 7 days, as advertised, 30 min a day. After the whole package was gone, the change of color of my teeth is barely visible. I hope you will have better luck. 
It was an awkward mess - smushing gel over my teeth with a piece of flimsy plastic that barely adhered, much less fit securely.  It'd probably be easier without the trays.  I don't know if they work or not.  I gave up.  I want my Crest Whitestrips back 
After user #1 I was REALLY impressed.  My teeth were noticeably whiter--almost gleaming.  After use number two I noticed a bit more whitening but not as dramatic.  On use # 3 I felt some discomfort after putting the trays in.  After about 1/2 hour it was really starting to hurt and I thought something must be wrong so I took them out.  My gums were bleached white!  I was really freaked out by this but for the most part it did subside after about 1/2 an hour.  However, there was some lingering damage done that, while not severe, is annoying (there is still a slight bit of bleeding).  I have perfectly healthy gums so I was surprised by this...the third tray did some fairly serious damage to otherwise healthy gums.  My advice, if it hurts at all that is not normal and you should take them out 
They are a waste of time and money. They put goo in your mouth and not as much on your teeth.  After a week, my teeth are the same color as when I started 
For the price you cant beat this product, IF the problem I'm experiencing can be solved. I bought two of these brushes, one for my home bathroom and one for my work-out bag. Love the price and timer feature... But it seems that once I've used up the power in the brush, it wont recharge properly. I'm experiencing this problem with both brushes no matter how long I leave it in the charger. If there is a simple fix for this then I'd say 5 stars. If not, then 2 Stars is well earned, seeing as how I've been on their support line waiting (as I type this) for over an hour 
shaver is bulky, sideburn trimmer is not attached to shaver, cool skin additive is very difficult to use for a person with rheumatoid arthriris. I would have exchanged it for a different model except it is to difficult to repack and mail back 
has anyone taken this formula during natural childbirth and does it help?????? please respond 
Skip this entire product. I made the mistake of purchasing it and stocked up on the scrubbing and non-scrubbing (mopping?) pads. Now, I can't find the non-scrubbing ones anywhere in my entire county. I think they don't want to compete with their own product "Swiffer" which they also manufacture. I emailed them and they suggested I buy online. I checked walgreens.com and drugstore.com and no luck. I imagine they will phase this out and you will be stuck with a wasteful "who gives a hoot" rod. 
I have three bathrooms used by two teenagers and their friends, a toddler and her friends and so they need heavy duty cleaning every week. A neighbour suggested the Mr Clean to me saying it really cut down on her cleaning time and she didn't have to wreck her back scrubbing the tub.  I am disappointed with it. The one thing I did like was the pole. I was able to scrub the tub, the tile on the walls without needing to overreach. That said, I really had to scrub hard to get the grime off the tub, and still couldn't get it all until I used my regular scrub brush. I think I was expecting this to be a way that I could do a lighter clean in between the heavy duty ones but obviously not so. The other thing that bothered me was that you have to RINSE off the stuff after you scrub; from watching the commercial I feel misled because you get the impression that you just scrub and you're done. At least it wasn't that spendy so I don't feel too bad about the wasted money 
I got this device to help me clean around my place.  I thought it would be easy to use, and it is  not.  The pads do not stay on.  When you are trying to put them on, the solution leaks all over you.  After working on my shower, I saw no difference.  I wish there could be negative stars because that is what this piece of junk is worth. 
I am suppose to be receiving a refund  because I have done sent it back but I have not heard anything from ya'll 
This BP Monitor was accurate for about the first 2 weeks of use. BP from monitor checked closely with manual BP. After the first 2 weeks, got very inaccurate results dispite replacing the batteries. I can not rely on this monitor for my patient's B/P results 
This scale was off by about 10 or 15 pounds. I went to the doctor a few days after getting this scale and I was so relieved to find out that I was not 10 pounds heavier than I feared. Don't waste your money on a scale that won't give you an accurate weight 
this scale looked like a good deal and had many good reviews so i bought it expecting the best. when it arrived i unpacked it and immediatly hopped on after makeing sure it was at 0. the scale told me i wighed 170 lbs. give or take a few from clothes... i was extremely shocked! how could i weigh THAT much!! turns out the scale was off approx. 20 pounds 20 POUNDS! 
i guess it's cheap, but the dial rocks like crazy when you stand on it and shift your weight, so it's pretty hard to get anything more than a ~2-3 pound estimate. which is fine if you're not obsessive, but most people care about that increment... 
I really like my electric toothbrush from OralB so I thought I would like this too. However, it just doesn't work. The cartridges they have set up don't work because as soon as you tug on them at all, the floss becomes loose and therefore won't vibrate - it only vibrates if it's taut. But because of the way they have the cartridges set up, there is no way to make it taut again. It would have worked if instead they had used a roll of floss and let you feed it through yourself as needed, but they were too greedy and wanted to sell lots of cartridges.  This would be ok if you got lots of use out of the cartridges, but in my experience they broke halfway through a single use. So... forget it 
In my experience with this product, I had NO SIGNIFICANT HAIR GROWTH. Very disappointing for the amount of money you spend on it, and the amount of pills you have to take daily(UGH!). However, I gave it a two because while it didn't grow my hair, it did change the texture of it. My natural hair is very coarse, and while using the HF37 it became really soft, silky and manageable. Nice, if that's what you're looking for a hair vitamin to do. But as far as hair growth...ABSOLUTELY not recommending HF37 for that 
Bell Harrah is so right! This things is indeed garbage! I have been using this things since March 9, 2005 and there is very LITTLE DIFFERENCE IN MY HAIR. It still breaks, for goodness sakes, and where is the hard nails that is also suppose to result from using these pills?! It makes me wonder what the hell this thing is doing to my body, as it has not helped my hair and this month of May makes it 4 months I have been using. YOU'RE SUPPOSE TO SEE SOME HUGE CHANGES WITHIN A MONTH TO 45 DAYS, AND NOT ONE DAMN THING HAS HAPPENED!!!!!!!!! AND THE PILLS ARE SO DAMN EXPENSIVE!. i really don't have $57 to throw a way a month, so when you spend that amount of money you are really hoping that something will work. I agree with the previous reviewer-DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY 
This is worthless and they say it's refundable, until you read the fine print and realize it's only if you bought the entire product line. It is crap and doesn't do anything. Don't waste your money, drink milk and your hair will grow. This does not work 
I agreed with all the criticism that the Revlon eyelash curler (now discontinued) received. It broke quickly and used up batteries by the truckload. But the one thing it did well that the Carmen curler does poorly is to provide the type of construction and shape that keeps you from accidently squeezing pieces of eyelid skin. This instrument catches my skin very easily and it's hard to get good curled lashes without hurting my eyelids 
The batteries that come with this charger we're not a problem for me.  In fact, I was surprised that they were fully charged right out of the package and seem to work fine.  I was however, disappointed in the charger.  The charger requires that all four AA batteries be in the charger for it to work.  You cannot charge just one, two or three batteries because the circuit is not complete without all four batteries inserted. Also, there are a maximum of two slots for AAA batteries and when they are in use none of the other AA slots are usable.  Given the price of NiMH batteries, the charger works out to be about $2... which is about what it's worth at best. 
Amazon is claming: *	Great entry-level charger system *	Charges four AA / AAA NiMH batteries in 6-10 hours *	Includes four 2300mAh NiMH AA batteries It is only 1800mAh which makes these rechargeable an average capacity by today standards, while if it was as Amazon claims it would have been a nice step up. Shame on Amazon, oversight or misrepresentation. Charger is cheaply made. It can charge 4 AA or only 2 AAA. Poor design. The charger that came with my camera can do 4 AAA, go figure. Get something else. 
we bought this as a cheap/easy stocking stuffer. It's simply not woth anything.  The little file is a good idea, but too tiny to actually work.  My daughter (8yrs old) liked the idea too, but was sad that she couldn't work with the tiny strip that's too short for even her little fingers. Cute, but not worth it 
The reviewer who compared the massage feature to that of a cell phone perhaps said it best, so suffice it to say that one can essentially ignore that aspect of the unit [I might even liken the vibrations to those of an injured (and no longer airborne) housefly buzzing in circles]. With respect to the heat(ing), it does perform better, but is by no means stellar.  The Pro's are its design for moisture, a better-than-average fabric/material - which holds its shape fairly well and the auto shut-off.  The Con's include, as others have said, a HUGE AC-DC plug/power pack, no apparent ability to WASH the darn thing, only modest heat, annoying Velcro straps, a two-part power cord that not only must be taped to keep together, but can't be removed from the main pad for washing AND, perhaps most significantly, the fact that mine died after approx. 18 months (which, incidentally, raises yet another detractor; the Warranty is only a year, much less than many other brands) 
I had a good massaging heating pad that was great, and I used it on my legs a lot., thought I could replace it.  This one is not even in the ballpark.  Absolutely useless,  I have been had 
The massage portion of this heating pad is no more a massager than the vibrate on a cell phone.  There is only 1 heat setting, which is OK, but it's a bit hot for only one setting.  It's like the High setting on my 3 setting hot pad 
If you're just mixing non-gas-forming drink mixes, this thing works acceptably well, but if you're mixing something like "Ionic Fizz" magnesium drink that fizzes up a bit, it's not very useful because it just doesn't form a very good seal, no matter how tightly you close it. As another reviewer mentioned, it's very easy to cross-thread the lid.  Thicker threads and deeper threads would probably help.  It is great for sipping though, and easy enough to keep clean. But I went back to using a plastic 16-oz milk bottle that always forms a tight seal when you close it. The seal on this bottle is too flaky because it's difficult to tell if you've cross-threaded it until you start shaking it.  I'd have expected a bottle designed for shaking and mixing drinks would have paid a little more attention to the problems this has. I don't use this any more, because it's too annoying to worry about the seal and the cross-threading. Don't waste your money on it. 
At first, this seems like a pretty good drink shaker.  The body and lid are fairly sturdy.  However, there's a separate rubber seal that sits inside the lid...  And if that pops out, which it's prone to do with mine, you're left with a leaky (and therefore useless) shaker.  The seal can be replaced with a bit of effort, but who wants to wrestle with a plastic bottle 
This item is totally uncomfortable to sit on and makes your back ache horribly.  Also it does not work well at all.  If you have difficulty rising from a seated positon this item will not help in the least. Many times it stays flat and when it does "rise" it only occurs after you push up yourself with your arms and legs. I would have returned the item, but I left it for my mother when I had to be out of town for a few weeks and by the time I returned my 30 day window was closed.  DO NOT BUY, you will regret it if you do. I won't even put this item in a yard sale, because I would not subject anyone to false hope and a back ache to go along with it. 
I could really not tell any difference in my teeth after using this product. I could, however, see how my gums were burned by the peroxide 
I read the directions and followed them to a T. The pain was just too intense (on my gums - they started to bleed!). I tried to adjust the "trays" every which way, but there was no way not to get the gel on my gums. After all the time, trouble and pain, I didn't see ANY improvement in whiteness. I have used the older Crest Whitestrips, and liked them much better. 
I have tried other products before and this one gets the whitest results the fastest.  HOWEVER, I was in so much pain about 5 hours afterwards that it even hurt to swallow Advil.  I used Sensodyne and a flouride mouthwash to try to help, but nothing seemed to work.   The taste isn't bad and I used the bleach with my own trays that I had made by my dentist, so it didn't leak out or touch my gums.  My teeth weren't sensitive while I was using it or even right afterwards, but later in the day.  If you have sensitive teeth, I do not recommend this product unless you are willing to go through the pain 
The amount of time resulted in minimal results--I was very disappointed 
We recently bought the same model dispenser, but in the satin finish.  From the first, only two of the three chambers were usable because the pumps didn't work (yes, we followed the instructions carefully).  Two months later, another pump has given out so only one chamber is usable.  Instead of this loser, try "The Dispenser 71450 Classic IV." We had one of these for years with never a problem and replaced it only because it was beginning to show its age. It's harder to fill than the AVIVA and not as pretty, but so what -- it works, and the AVIVA doesn't. 
I eagerly snapped up this ionic hair dryer about over a year ago because of it's retractable cord and folding capabilities. Even the price was attractive. It really did take up little room in my bathroom drawer and the retractable cord was a plus. I thought I had the perfect blow dryer because it did what it was supposed to do and quickly. Now for the bad news:  the retractable cord became chewed up and frayed after daily use and it became apparent that the cord was ultimately going to fray completely in due time. Then, the folding handle, low and behold, broke in half one morning. (Of course, the warranty had long expired). This dryer is too fragile to consider using on a daily basis and I consider myself a careful person when it comes to handling small appliances such as hair dryers. When I've replaced hair dryers in the past, it was been because they've simply reached the end of their lifespans and burned out.  I'd caution anyone to consider this before buying because these 2 features alone, while very appealing, can shorten an otherwise good hairdryer's lifespan.  I've now purchased a T3 Tourmaline (a featherweight, quiet hairdryer with no retractable cord or folding handle) which seems to work just fine and appears to have a much longer lifespan. 
Ok...received this item last night...used once, and in the process realized I was pointing a laser beam on my skull.  Given the directions say 3 times a week, 15 minutes per, I would have to do this for a long time with no proven results...Save yourself the time...do this...Go to google and type in "Forum and HairPro".  You will find next to nothing regarding information for this product.  I made an impulse purchase getting sucked in to the exploitation...after further research even the top rated hairmaxx brush selling for $500 has mixed results on the online forums.  Not to mention that Viatek had spelling errors in the pamphlet that came with the product...If they don't have the time to make sure all is spelled right in the manual, how much time did they spend creating the actual product.  The box had a date of 2005 and there was dust all over it.  These lasers may work, but with all the research I did (after the purchase) results seem minimal for all the work that needs to be done.  I felt ridiculous using the thing too.  I am just annoyed because again I got sucked into a new gimmick for something that companies can exploit in individuals. 
The foot bath makes a mess with the water and does not keep the water warm.  A lot more hassel than it is worth.  Sorry I spent my money on it 
Worthless. Motor is loud and heating not noticable. In 10 minutes hot water became luke warm 
It ran good and I liked the different attachments, but I gave it away because I was uncomfortable with not having a lid like my previous one did 
These are just OK, not great. I have 2 pairs of the clic readers and I love them. The sunglasses, however, are not as sturdy, the adjustment feature does not work on my pair and I just cannot endorse them. I am disappointed as I am a huge fan of the clic readers and could not wait for the sunglasses. It's a shame 
Last month,Feb.10, I ordered one box this wipes. But when I opened it today, all bag showed the exp.12/31/2006. I am wondering how to contact them 
These wipes were much thinner than I expected/remembered.  I had to use at least 3 at a time.  I won't buy these again 
I bought this and it worked fine the first time that I used it.  Granted, it was late summer and the house was pretty warm so it was not to difficult to steam up the bedroom.  However, I have tried it in my infant's room 4 times this winter.  I used HOT water & salt to try to help it, but the darn thing does not have enough power to make the steam.  Maybe all of the "steam" energy is being used on the night light!  If you have your home's thermostat set under 78 degrees, do not waste your money on this item!  Find something stronger to get you through the winter months 
NO MOVING PARTS contrary to depiction above. The "attachments" are tiny plastic 1.5" knobs that attach to a motionless center peg over which you are supposed to rub your feet! They do not move. There is no massaging action - YOU DO ALL THE WORK, making your hips and knees sore. The "massaging foot beds" are totally motionless and form a spiky, painful surface. Vibration setting creates an annoying buzzing sensation over whole device. Jets are totally underpowered. No fill line indicator so "Bubbles" spill water onto floor. Heater is completely useless - after 15 minutes water temp was no different. Cannot return because water ruins loofa and epsom salt pads. Classic deception in advertising 
I cannot address the value of buying products from this manufacturer; that's for you to decide.  However, this product performs noticably worse than its earth-unfriendly alternatives.  Clothes come out greyish and stains are not as well removed as with Tide, the other one I use.  But the decision is yours 
A total Piece of Garbage, do not buy this at all.  First of all it is battery operated which i did not know when i bought it.  Secondly, when i went to put batteries in it, the terminals in side of it are offset, one is higher than the other, and the higher terminal was damaged.  When i put the batteries in and put the cover on it did not work, the case was pushing the battery away from the terminal.  It worked without the cover on but that doesnt do anyone any good if u cant prevent the batteries from falling out.  The thing is rather loud too and cover is a piece of cheap plastic.   The thing is a Piece of Garbae, DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!!!!! 
This protien works well to curb my appitite for hours on end, but it has a horrible taste and texture.  The closest thing I can relate it to is chocolate-burned egg tasting boogers.  I would not purchase this product again.  I would, however, purchase from the vender again because it is not their fault that this protien tastes so bad 
I got one of these to help me after I had major surgery.  I have better than average hand and arm strength, but I found this particular model to be hard to operate (I can't imagine how someone with a weak grip could possibly use it).  Normal sized cans (like soup or beans) slipped out of its pitiful grip.  I wound up using it just to roll things to myself when I dropped them and for picking up clothes for the wash.  This is definitely a lightweight... too light for much real use.  I should have bought the heavier duty version for just a few dollars more 
I took a chance (it's pricey) and purchased this item.  &quot;What the heck,&quot; I thought.  I used it (a single 'squirt') once a day in the morning.  This was instead of the recommendation of twice a day.  I like the stuff.  My skin felt lubricated and smooth without feeling greasy.  In fact, I'd give it five stars except that now it's three weeks since I purchased this product and 'poof!' it's gone!  I figure that it comes to about 30 cents a squirt.  In my mind the 'goodness' of this product isn't worth the exorbitant price.  Hence, two stars 
I just received my brush(es) hair dryer yesterday 3/9/07 ... tried it out today - for 5 MINUTES ... I absolutely hate it.  It's the worst, by far, hair appliance I've ever owned.  I guess you get what you pay for ... but I've owned Revlon products in the past, and this was absolutely the biggest waste of money.  I cannot return it, because the return cost would be too expensive, too much trouble, and I guess it will go in the dumpster.  I hate it - don't make the same mistake I made.  One big problem is that the bristles are so lousy - not firm and doesn't grip the hair.  Just take it from this written testimony - it's a piece of junk 
Well I have used Philips LadyShave before,and I regret for making my mind to try this one...It hardly does shave any hair of my legs and leaves a lot of painful red scars 
Using this on my legs feels like electric shocks because of how it pulls and chews. I wouldn't dare use it on my underarms. Very poor shaver!! 
I recommend that you not buy this product through the mail.  My three boxes leaked all over the Amazon box.  Yuck 
Returned item, as was leaking all over. Great product if Amazon had packed it better, I could have used it 
I like to use the wet wipes, they're good products. I gave only 2 stars because the package wasn't packed well. I received the package this week. All seals of three boxes were broken, lids fell off, and the wipes were everywhere in the package, they were dried up, but the amazon packing box was all soaked wet, and it almost fell apart. What a mess it was! 
--as I found it to be really much too fake-lemony, not unlike the stuff you smell in car dealership service bathrooms. I mixed mine w/ a subtle "cookie"-type one I coudn't smell at all & now can smell neither, even when I put them in closets, which was not the idea--I like a little fragrance thru the house. May look for something like cinnamon or sandalwood 
It was so so, and didnt see any real results. But it was definently better than Tend Skin or Mi 
What a gimmick. Its nothing but Pure alcohol. I should have looked at the ingreidents list. I should have bought princereigns or min, but I bought into all those phony reviews below 
the pick at the back of the unit is curved and doesn't work well.  the floss is multi-stranded and tends to come apart when used and doesn't feel like it is very high quality floss.  the head is also somewhat small or poorly shaped so it is also difficult to use.  i used the plackers brand before and was much happier with it 
The individual packaging is nice but the floss breaks frequently nexcessitating more than one to floss your teath.  The Glide products are much nicer 
Both my wife and I have high blood pressure, which our doctor would like us to track at home. After checking out many brands and styles of automatic monitors, and based on the reviews here, I didn't hesitate to buy the Mark of Fitness, Inc monitor (Prevention edition).  When I received it, there were two problems: First, there was no owner's manual inside. Since I kept getting an "err 2" message, I had no way of checking what that meant. (Amazon.com suggested I look online for a pdf version somewhere. Unfortunately, the Mark of Fitness' web site didn't have online manuals.)  The second and more important problem with this product was that it was clearly very inaccurate.  When I finally was able to get some readings, they were: 112/64, 106/60, 96/61, 106/62, 109/64, and 115/62.  Oh, how I wish some of those WERE my readings!  Maybe it was just my misfortune to get that one in 500 lemons with no owner's manual and who knows what else wrong with it, but unfortunately, I won't take a chance on trying another one.  It's going back today 
These did nothing for me. Ask your doctor about aphthasol, a prescription drug approved by the FDA -- which means it's passed rigorous government testing standards. Aphthasol changed my life 
I followed the directions on the package but could not get these disks to adhere to my canker sore, even one in the flattest part of my cheek.  Obviously, they won't stick to sores on the gumline or inside of lip either.  CANKAID and Kank+A are still the non-prescription products I have found that provide relief and are much easier to apply 
When I ordered this item, I assumed that the flosser attachment would be some sort of gadget to which you would add new dental floss at each use.  Actually, each flosser is a plastic prong with pre-strung floss in it, to be used once and discarded.  Let me see:  a million conscientious users floss daily and you have 365,000,000 plastic doodads added to the world's landfills every year.  I already compromise my principles for convenience more than I'd like to admit.  This is totally over the top.   When I've used up my supply of flossers, out this thing goes.  It goes into the landfill, to be sure.  So don't anyone else make my mistake 
I didn't realize there was HFCS (high fructose corn syrup) in these bars. If you work out or are health conscience, then I would suggest doing a little online research about harmful effects of HFCS. I'm about to switch up my protein bars. 
If you think you are buying the old Met-RX bars by the same flavors, you are in for a very very bad surprise. The old bars had better taste and a almost cake-like consistency. These were so sticky that I could pick up papers just by touching them after eating one.  Also, I couldn't get past the taste. Even the color is different.  I never finished the bar and I used to eat one a day (years ago). I gave the entire box away for free.  I will not buy these again until the go back to their old recipe. 
This bar is larger that most nutrition or meal replacement bars - that much is true. What is also true is that is contains more fat.  What you will notice with the first bite, is that the bar seems somehow "inflated". There is an emptiness to consistency of the bar. You are not getting the quality nutrition you would get from a Myoplex or Apex bar. Stick with those brands for pure nutrition and FAR BETTER TASTE.  These METRX bars leave you feeling as though you've eaten something that was bad for you - like after you eat a dessert, yet these will not be mistaken for desserts 
This piece is compact and convenient where power outlet is not available.  Running with 3 AAA batteries, the stream is too weak to do the cleaning.  Not recommend for buying 
Was very disappointed by the performance of this unit.  Not enough pressure.  Pretty useless even with new batteries 
I couldn't even make it to that "magic" fourth or fifth day when all cravings are supposed to magically disappear. From the very beginning, I was so incredibly jittery, which is 1 of the claims Hoodia reps make. I, also feel sleepy all the time, yet I can't nap and my sleep has been severely disrupted by all the jitteriness- I'm what you call TOO TIRED TO SLEEP! REALLY, how many over-the counter appetite suppressants actually work. I believe none of them work better than a placebo (and maybe that's what some of you are experiencing?). DON'T BOTHER WITH this one. A total waste of a lot of money - this stuff isn't exactly cheap, either; take your $$ and go buy some sneakers, get a little exercise & you'll be a lot better off! 
These did NOT suppress my appetite, though many days I took 3 tablets three times a day!  Had very good luck with a bottle of Dytrexil (also a Hoodia product), but the next bottle of THAT, nothing.  I guess like crops, you can get good batches and bad batches.  These struck me as a bad batch.  As one reviewer said, I actually felt HUNGRIER many days.  Egad!  Better luck next time!  Sigh 
This product did not work. I was faithful for 1 month with no results 
We started getting a "LO" message when using the thermometer. It said that we needed to change the probe tip and clean the lense. This worked for a little while. We changed the tip on each use.  Now nothing works. After spending near $50 on this I feel like a chump. I want to throw it out the window. I'm heading to the drug store now to buy something else 
i bought it 15 days back and it broke when i am chopping onion.. but its great to cut soft vegetables and even carrot is also good.. but i couldnt cut onions as mentioned.. probably we have to buy the onions from them hahhahaha... i dont suggest buying it for onions.. coz i bought only for onions so that i could save my tears 
DO NOT BUY THIS!!! It does not work "As Seen on T.V." We were able to get it to cut a cucumber and that was it. Would not cut a tomato, onion, carrot, apple only a cucumber. Complete waste of money 
This product come with a washer that keep causing the leak. It works fine for few weeks then the washer become worn out and it keep causing the leak. Now I just leave it in my garage and can't return it or use it. very bad investment 
Item was not received. There was a mix up and it was sent to the wrong address. I hope I'm not billed. 
I was never able to use this mirror successfully due to its low light source. Agree with other users--this mirror was no better than an unlighted one. 
I purchased this because it was so cute, and had the Conair name.  Within 6 weeks, the bulb blew out, and I started looking for a replacement.  Ive been to all the local places, and everyplace I could find online.  In an obscure place I found the bulb with the right voltage but not the right wattage.  The only place I could get the correct bulb was on the conair website -- but they make you buy 10 bulbs, then charge $9.00 for handling.  The cost is more than just buying a new mirror!  a rip off 
I am now going through what everyone else is talking about. Finding replacement bulbs.  For $20 this is unfortunately for some a "throw away" mirror.  At least ours lasted more than 4 weeks 
The mirror's light is quite dim and the magnification (5x)is inadequate for most purposes 
It doesn't get hot enough, nor does it stay hot for more than 10 minutes 
I have always used foam rubber as a topper over our mattress but changed to this Memory Foam.  After using it for one month, I have taken it off the bed and it is back in the box it was shipped in.  I DO NOT like the Memory Foam at all.  It seems to be great when you first lie down on it and then after a hour or two my body just sinks down until it is against the mattress below it and I am not that heavy a person, 160 lbs. It is so hard to find foam rubber but I will search until I find it and never by Memory Foam again!  Doubt I can get my money back.  Have not talked to the Seller about it 
THIS IS A VERY CHEAP MEMORY FOAM IT REMINDS ME OF FOAM RUBBER.I HAVE SLEEP ON IT FOR 3 NIGHTS AND WILL BE REMOVING IT FOR THE FOURTH NIGHT. DO YOUR HOME WORK BEFORE YOU BUY THIS PRODUCT 
The mattress pad topper has a strong chemical smell. After receiving it, I left it in an open room for 2 weeks before I can sleep on it. The "free" pillow smells even worse. It can be not exchanged since it is "free". I guess I am supposed to toss it since it's "free".                 I think it will be fair to mention that the topper is comfortable, after all. 
I'm a huge fan of the Pria line, but these are not like the others - they are heavier and a little grainy.  I don't hate them, but will not buy them again.  The flavor is pretty good though, just not what I was expecting.  I highly recommend the Pria 110 calorie line - the vanilla is my favorite but the peanut butter and others are close behind. Thank 
I love these bars, they are high in protien, and are good supplements, How ever The 3 boxes I got were all expired. Beware of sale items on bars like this 
The brush completely feel apart prior to using it.  I sent a review to the company with no response.  The wooden back fell off of the handle and then the loofah fell off of the backing.  If I would have had some response from the company offering some recourse I would not have been this dissatisfied 
I chose these bags partly because of the reviews that I read on this website and because they made economic sense.  I gave birth to a premature infant who was unable to breastfeed.  I have pumped everyday btwn 6-8 times a day since she was born and was blessed to have an ample milk supply.  However, when thawing these bags out I found that I was losing sometimes 4 and 5 bags of at a time due to leakage not from the double seal at the top, but from a seam at the bottom.  I later tried some of the other bags out there and found that yes, these bags are better than their competitors, but they were not good enough for me. I have worked way too hard to provide my child with nourishment only to have it leak all over the place.  My solution was to use bottles.  They too have disadvantages (take up more room in the freezer), but I feel that they are a better choice 
order this item only if you do not need to use it immediately and can wait for a long time. i do not know how long because i am still waiting 
i order it on july 14th, but i still have to wait for more than a month to get it. 
They're OK, but definately not as absorbent as the overnight diapers.  My son soaks through if he urinates during the night 
I bought this curling iron impulsively, as I perused through the "gold box" items some time ago.  When I first received the it, I was amazed at how well it worked; it heated up quickly, and did a wonderful job on my hair.  After a couple months, I turned it on, left the room for a minute, and came back to find the tip melted off, hanging from a strand of what little plastic was still attached.  I thought about returning it, but decided (rather stupidly, in retrospect) to continue to use it...BIG MISTAKE.  It heated up way beyond what it should have, even when I put it at a "low" setting of 5.  When I attempted to use it, the sizzling sound indicated to me that I had, indeed, made a mistake.  The next day, coworkers were commenting on my lovely new SHORT haircut.  If you're really interested in purchasing this item, please learn from my mistake, and if the tip melts off, take that as a sign that it will also melt your hair 
Perhaps these other people had bought the product before they lowered the quality.  My experience with this product is that it does not cut hardly at all.  I threw the item in the trash and bought a ConAir at Kmart which surprisly worked about 20 times better.  My recommendation is DO NOT BUY 
These are a cheap knock off of Huggies Pull-Ups.  And once the side comes apart, you can't put it back together like with Pull-Ups.  Over all a waste of money.  Just use Pull-Ups, they're worth the extra money.. 
I used huggies pullups with my older child and started using them with my younger one. When they came out with Dora on the easy ups and our grocery store had a huge Dora display, my daughter had to use Dora not the pullups which have the disney princess design which she is not that into(I personally think the disney princesses are not a good choice for potty training age 2-3 year olds, I would assume that Dora would be picked by more children that age). First off the smallest size they have is big for the average 2-3 year old. They did have a size 2t but from what I have seen it has been discountined. I don't know if it is because they are a little big or the quality they do leak. I have never had a huggies pullup leak on me but these easy have on a regular basis. The design definetly got my daughter not wanting diapers and on the road to potty training but the leakage didn't make it easy for me. I would never use these for overnight use, pullups absorb so much better in an overnight situation. Now if pampaers could make a better product or huggies could make a better design then I would be happy 
This isn't a bad dryer when it comes to convenience and travelling. However, the folding handle did eventually break and I had to modify it to hold it together. I haven't noticed any benefit from the ion control, mine and my wife's hair get's easily frizzled with this dryer, plus it takes a long time to dry in comparison to what others have claimed. The switch is definitely very difficult to use, there's no way a person can use it with one hand.  If you tried, you'd end up dropping the thing. The fact that the off position is between the two speed settings isn't very good either because you push so hard to move the switch you simply move from high to low instead of to the off position. Personally, I can't wait to find her a better one so I can tear this one apart for more interesting things. On the upside, after fixing the handle, it has worked without any real problems for 6 months 
What a disappointment - the reviewer who mentioned the difficult-to-use switch was right, it was a poor design choice.  Needlessly heavy too, with poor balance 
The off-on switch on this product is very difficlut to use.  I am not able to turn off or on with one hand and find it very difficult to turn on with two hands. 
I saw a review that made it seem like these were indistructable. Not So! They tear easily. Better than just empty Wal Mart bags though, but not by much 
I have not recieved the vitamins!!!!!!!!!  Lost in the mail??????   Please let me know what I can do, it has been a month 
Unlike several other reviewers, I loved this trimmer for 5 months.  At that time the rechargeable battery just died completely, would not recharge at all, and the Remington people are useless when filing a complain 
The only reason that I am writing this review is because I am on line now looking for a new trimmer.  I bought this "gem" less than a year ago and was not satisfied then.  Tonight, I'm trying to trim my goatee and it is ripping and pulling the hair out.  The extra cutting heads are all but worthless.  I would never recommend this P.O.S to anybody. I wish I could give it 0 stars 
This is easily the worst beard trimmer I've used. It slips and cuts hair much shorter than anticipated, and the teeth on the guard are far too fine 
I have not tried the product yet as it is a stocking stuffer for my four year old.  The ad displays four soaps when in fact you only receive one.  I would not have purchased one bar of soap had I have known. 
I bought this product thrilled with the thought that I could use an epilator in the shower.  Even though that's possible, the very last thing this product does is remove hair -- at least with the epilator head.  The shaving head works fairly well, but a simple shaver would cost a lot less and shave as well or better.  I can't believe Panasonic thinks they'll actually keep customers selling something this ineffective 
Printed all over the box are the words "with infrared heat".  The instructions state that you must add warm water to the machine before you start, and the infrared mechanism is supposed to maintain the water's warm temperatures.  This wouldn't be the case.  The water cools in a matter of minutes after turning the bubbles and massage functions on.  Turning on the infrared light on top of the machine looks nice, but does nothing at all to keep the water warm. 
These did nothing for me. Ask your doctor about aphthasol, a prescription drug approved by the FDA -- which means it's passed rigorous government testing standards. Aphthasol changed my life 
While the product works it's good.  It was capabable of trimming eyebrows, sideburns, beards & mustaches, and that pesty stray nosehair.  The problem with the MicroTouch is that the motor works for about 6 months and then it is useless.  It is not worth the money. Buy a product that costs more money and is better quality. 
It lasted one year and two weeks, then the motor died. While it worked it was great. I am tempted to buy a replacement, but will probably end up trying another brand. The manufacturer is probably banking on people buying several, because when they do work they do a great job 
This product is a piece of garbage.When it works, it does what it is suppose to do. However, it worked for the first two weeks and then totally died on me.Do not buy this product 
I purchased 2 of them, put in new alkaline batteries, and found that it will not cut hair as advertised.  The motor is underpowered.  Useless product. 
Its super cheap, does not work at all, will struggle with the thinnest of hairs.  Stay away!! 
This item was disappointing because the suction cups wont stick to the bathtub unless it's a completely smooth surface.  Most standard tubs have some sort of a nonslip surface 
This is another example of a horrible waste of time and money. Our Emjoi products have never lasted longer than 6 months without needing repair. And that brings around another problem -- Emjoi customer service and repair service. You'll want to avoid both. Better yet, avoid Emjoi and avoid the total headache.  Not only are Emjoi products cheap, they are painful to use 
This epilator by Emjoi does NOT WORK without the cord attached - the motor is too weak. In addition, the only disks that work at all are the two on the ends - the middle disks, since they are inset from the top, never reach the hair. I had to return this item, and I would not trust or recommend ANY item by Emjoi. Extremely poor quality, and does not work as promised 
This thing doesn't massage, just vibrate, and two of the motors died quickly. Although the product is supposed to be covered by 2 year warrenty, the customer service is non-existent. Stay away from this, definitely not worth the money 
Paid a fortune for this thing and it stopped working after 2 uses 
I bought one last year as it was supposed to be accurate and you could do it yourself.  Doing it yourself is misleading as the directions for one of measuring sites for women require you to hold it in your right hand and measure the back of your right tricep.  Impossible to do both at the same time.  Even with the help of my trainer who is skilled at using calipers it gave widely variable readings and inconsistant results.  The feature that takes your % body fat and classifies your level by age never worked.  Mine was stuck making the classification by the youngest age group for women.  Basically it ignored specific data entered in for age and male/female.   I was very disappointed but was fortunate to get my money back 
Edible taste, not the best but I would keep buying them if i didn't get the worst stomach ache that leads to to a dirrahea.  It is not just this met-rx bar that will do this to you, it is any food with sugar alcohols.  All Atkins food is based on sugar alchols such as maltitol and sorbitol.  They do not effect your blood sugar like regular sugars do, so the theory is that they dont store fat.  Only edible if you are within 20 feet of a clean bathroom.  You only have 15 minutes to get to the bathroom.  Not Worth It 
Bayer is a name-brand aspirin.  Any brand-name drug will cost at least double of that of the equivalent generic aspirin.  I give this a one-star rating not because it is a poor product, rather, because it is so expensive. The dosage is 81 mg, taken to thin the blood to prevent heart attacks and strokes (generally taken by older individuals who perhaps have arteriosclerosis, have had a heart attack or stroke).  Aspirin is a wonder-drug, the very first analgesic/anti-inflammatory medication to hit the market over 100 years ago. It is for mild to moderate pain and treats many different conditions such as arthritis, bone inflammation, joint pain, and even reduces fever. Aspirin causes blood platelets to not adhere to each other, thus it "thins" the blood and prevents blood clots from forming. Aspirin is thus used in emergency treatment of heart attacks and strokes. Some folks take a "baby" aspirin (81-160 mgs) each day to prevent blood clots from forming.  Aspirin is actually acetyl-salicylic acid. Manufacturers alter the structure of aspirin slightly to grant it different properties in terms of its digestion, to make digestion easier. Some buffer it with antacids while others coat the tablet with a coating that prevents its digestion in the stomach (like Ecotrin). Regular aspirin, without any buffering or coatings is tolerated by most people, but some cannot take it without severe stomach upset. For these folks, the buffered form is a god-send.  Unfortunately, Aspirin fell out of favor in the 60's and 70's when Reye's Syndrome developed in some children (under the age of 16) who took aspirin while they had the flu and/or chickenpox. About 30% of the children affected died and many more had permanent brain damage. Because of Reye's Syndrome, alternate analgesics were placed on the market, the premier being Tylenol. There is no reason to fear using aspirin if you are an adult, as Reye's Syndrome only occurred in children under 16 years of age.  The usual dose of aspirin is 350 mg, with the "extra-strength form at 500 mg. Most adults will easily tolerate a dose of 650 mg (2 tablets) every 4 hours with a maximum daily dose of 5,200 mg. (Some with rheumatoid arthritis take up to 7200 mg/day with a doctor's supervision). There is no additional benefit to taking more than 1,000 mg every 4 hours. Increasing the dose beyond this point will only increase the toxicity of aspirin.  Aspirin should be avoided in people taking blood-thinning medications, those with stomach ulcers, and used with caution in insulin-dependent diabetics. Allergies can develop to aspirin as well. Never mix aspirin with any of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatories, such as Ibuprofen, as there is no pain benefit and the gastric upset chance is greatly increased. Don't mix aspirin with alcohol either, as it is hard on the stomach.  Used properly, aspirin is a terrific medication. I prefer to buy my aspirin in a generic form. One pays more for aspirin if it is produced by a name-brand manufacturer. However, the big-manufacturers also package aspirin in some of the buffered forms that some people tolerate better.  Jim "Konedog" Koenig 
This thing is horrible. Cumbersome to use and does nothing. I have to swiffer over and over again and crud is still on the floor.  It removes a little bit of dirt but doesn't actually clean a rug/carpet.  I'm giving it one star because Amazon won't let me rate it -0 
My wife was very pleased with the vanity perfume tray.  With all of the snow we have had, it arrived shortly after Christmas, but just in time to warm her heart for the new year 
I recommend using ear plugs or ear muffs protection before using the Andis Company 22560 Rechargeable Cord/Cordless Hair Clipper Kit 
. I would like to give 0 stars. I've got ONE battery for more than $8 with s.& h. They say 12 batteries. Do not make the same mistake I made. They will send you only ONE battery, not 12 
I paid 50 bucks for a pen that is already leaking on its third day of use. The craftsmanship is shoddy. The packaging itself has nicks on it. The pen is leaking from the silver ring above the first one. I've had to use scotch tape on it so that it doesn't keep staining my fingers. The box says made in China, and well quite frankly, the product seems to be exactly that, made in China.  I always thought Cross was suppose to be a good brand of pens, but I now know they aren't. The problem for me is I ordered 3 of these pens and one ball point one all at the same time so I could give a few of them away as gifts. What am I going to do now? This bites 
hair dryer worked good for about 1 year. Then the switch broke, fused in the open position.I would not buy an Andis product again 
After using the dryer (which I liked very much and did a quick job), I discovered that my hair was being ruined.  It would break off in small 2 inch curved pieces.  I stopped using it for a month and confirmed that was the problem because the lavatory was no longer filled with broken pieces of hair.  I would like to return it and get my money back!!!   
It didnt work as good as the teflon curling iron i had a couple years ago, it works just as good as a regular non-teflon curling iron 
plain and simple i'm 32 years old and been dianosed with HBP since 15 years old. I'm on three medication for HBP. I order this then i wait for it to come. i jjust happen to go to the doctor today, he takes my pressure and tells me its 113/100. when i arrive home one hour later, the device is waiting for me. i plug it up and it tells me my pressure is 101/75. Sending the unit back 
I don't know, but.. I couldn't get myself to swallow it. It made me, literally, vomit. I wish I just ordered Power Bar's Vanilla-Yoghurt flavored one, which tastes fantastic and I love so very much.  Anyway, probably it's just me but, it really really makes me sick.. I thought I would taste something new but oh well.. 
Dr. Scholl's Pedicure Essentials Cracked Skin Repair Cream had a very nice smell and felt good. However, the long-term effects weren't what I expected. I couldn't tell much of a difference after using it for a week. Regular lotion that I've used in the past seemed to have the same effect. Perhaps it just needed more time to work 
Absolute waste of money, this is not a Pillow as advertised, in my opinion falsely, but a flat mat which, when filled with water is a very heavy weight and it is not possible to sleep on this. You could use it to wipe your feet on but thats all. An extremely disappointed customer who suffers from overheating badly in bed and thought this was a great solution. Now out of pocket and no better off. 
The price is too high, considering the Ijoy 550 model is only US$599.99 at Sharper Image 
I got this as a gift for Christmas, and I've tried it twice so far. Both times I get the same result - it doesn't work. I understand that with wet hair, it won't dry it, obviously. But even with damp hair, as instructed, it doesn't get my hair dry. As for the actual straightening aspect, I still end up with frizzy hair that isn't even all that straight. It's not worth the money - spend the extra bucks and get a Chi or Infrashine, you'll be a lot better off 
I wanted a good reading lamp and bought this lamp after doing a bit of research.  After taking the very heavy lamp out of the box and assembling it, I turned it on to find that it gives off very little light.  I thought it might be something I would need to get used to and sat down that night to read only to find that my eyes were straining under the light.  I tried using the lamp during the day/twilight and found that the illumination of the lamp was barely noticable.  Though it was quite a feat to put the lamp back into the box it was shipped in, I returned it to Amazon which is something I rarely do 
this shampoo made my dandruff even worse.  after using it, it did make my scalp feel cool and cleansed, but an hour later i combed my hair and there were huge flakes in it.  if you have to pay a little more for a dandruff shampoo buy paul mitchell's tea tree shampoo or something. 
too hard to use.  So I paid $50 for an $18 hairdryer; maybe if I watched the video, I could use it bette 
I didn't want to spend a lot of money on an Ionic Hair Dryer.  I came across this one and thought I'd give it a try.  The light indicating the Ionic Generator is working stopped working after its first use. What a waste of money! 
It was not as good as I expected.  I felt the quality of this item was cheap.  Therefore, I returned it 
This mirror is unsatisfactory becasue the light is negligible and the magnification (5x) is not sufficient 
This is a very lousy product; the lighting around the mirror is absolutely useless; when you turn the light on, it seems like you're still looking at the mirror with no light;  awful product; eventhough it's cheap but it doesn't even worth a dime 
It's a handy mirror for the price but if your looking for a good vanity mirror, I suggest looking for something larger with a higher magnification.  The light is not great at all.  It's very dim.  One of the good qualities of the mirror is that it's cordless and comes with an adapter if you don't have batteries handy 
It's OK that helps to moisturize the skin, but it's just stays oily and cannot be absorbed appropriately in the skin.  
The concept is cute, although the size makes it a bit difficult to store when you are not wearing them, but the main problem is that they give you hat hair, compressing your hairstyle with the band that surrounds your head.  Regular glasses go in between the hairs, so everything fluffs out.  If you never take off your reading glasses, have a buzz cut, are bald or otherwise wear your hair flat against your head (but be careful of buns), the clic connect reader may be fine for you.  Otherwise, conventional glasses are a better bet 
I bought this item for the warmth. The heat level is so low that I never can tell when the heat is on.  As for the massage, it's about what I expected - no good at all.  Overall, I would say this item is worthless. 
This one's going back to the store.  It has been turned on for almost half an hour and I barely feel the heat.  If you ask me, my feet in some thick socks would produce the same amount of heat.  As for the "massage", it's worthless to me, but I am not one for vibrating massage anyway, I prefer shiatsu.  I get cold feet when I am home and not moving around a lot, so I think I will stick to wrapping my electric throw blanket around my cold feet 
I don't have a particularly large skull but these barely fit together on the bridge of my nose. I don't see how the manufacturer can claim one size fits all; as I said I don't have a huge melon like Mike Myers's brother in "So I Married an Axe Murderer". The idea/concept is great but...I'll probably return them. Unfortunate because I was really looking forward to using them. People with REALLY big heads, caveat emptor 
After 5 days of minimal use, this pad stopped working. Kaz replaced it. After 3 days of use, the pad stopped working again. Kaz replaced it again. After 7 days of use, the pad stopped working a third time, but this time Kaz VOIDED the warranty! Then, they said I should get an electric blanket if I wanted to keep warm. I wonder if they really think an electric blanket and a heating pad are interchangeable for soothing a headache or backache 
This shaver holds a great charge and you can use it in the shower, but that's about it.  The shave isn't very close, and it takes a long time to shave.  To do your underarms is somewhat painful with the pulling of the razor 
This product is called a "Bouffant Style Oversized" shower cap. It is so small that it would not fit over my wife's head. The product features list claims it is made of "soft, pretty fabric." In fact it is made of thin, crunchy plastic. It is so poorly made that the stiching is crooked, overlaps and has threads hanging in several places. This shower cap went directly in the garbage 
This item is advertised as boufant and oversized. It is anything but.... The shower cap is so tiny, it would fit on a grapefruit.This kind of false advertising is what discourages us from ordering on line 
What a waste of money.  Not only was it just average in size but it was made of incredibly flimsy, really cheap plastic. 
This mister is not for continuous use. Had it for only 2 days and the bubbler weakened and barely gave out a mist. But good as a lighting decor and ambience. 
The friend who I purchased this for was not able to use it because it moved too FAST for her to keep up with.  She is used to a two wheeled walker, but wanted one with a seat.  She didn't keep the original packaging so could not get a full refund.  It turned out that return shipping was going to be more than what she would get for a refund; so she didn't return it.  The lesson: better buy local if you're not sure 
After one year of owning this scale I replaced the batteries and it stopped working 
 This product is not good at all I had to return mine after only 2 weeks. I found out that it is really inaccurate and it doesn't work when you want it to. As for as the body fat percentage I couldn't even get it to work. Do not buy this product 
too difficult to program, have had 2 weeks and still have not been able to complete process, instructions stay on screen too short a time, all i am able to get is weight, cannot see other information on screen unless on floor and right on top of it, would send back but too much of a hassel and expense, too expensive for a scale that is only to give me my current weigh 
I ordered the Ergo Lounger.  When I arrived, I was shocked to find that I could barely lift the box that it came in. I wanted to move it to another room to unpack.  This was supposed to be lightweight "aluminum" but the box clearly said "steel."  I did NOT want one that would rust because I intended to carry it to the beach to use it.  I actually called the Manufacturer (they provided a toll free number) several times.  Never did they answer the phone, nor did they ever return any of my calls.  So I could not find out if they thought it was aluminum or not.  The lounger itself seemed pretty nice, just too heavy and probably would rust soon 
This is an overpriced, under designed lounger.  The concept is cool, the product is not.  The idea of being able to read while face down is completely useless if you wear glasses.  Very uncomfortable.  I am glad I bought mine from Amazon as opposed to the $200 plus other retailers wanted  last summer 
The "original" Glide was made by (or used) Gore Tex material. The photo for this product showed the logo for Gore Tex. The product shipped was the product now marketed by Crest; no mention of Gore Tex. The Crest product is vastly inferior to the "original" Gore Tex 
before the very first filter ever even finished, it started to crack all over... cheap produc 
Broke after two uses.  Not worth the time to put back together 
While one would think it would be impossible to foul up such a simple and common tool, the manufacture has indeed done so. The "spoon" portion of this shoe horn is attached to a heavy coil. I supposed this is intended to give the working end some flexibility, but instead of using a fastener or weld, its just rolled metal inserted into the coil. After only two uses the "spoon" came out of the coil and even though I could easily enough put it back together, after a couple of more uses it became so loose it would not stay. Basically its now a shoe horn minus the twenty something inch handle now. Would recommend buying a more simply designed, single piece shoe horn. 
i cannot agree with any person who gives this over 1 star. The main problem I had with this product was that it was far too overpowering in the fragrance department. I swear, it was like bathing in GATORADE. And while I'm sure that AXE was going for that whole electrolyte thing in all its glory, but the smell is far too fragrant. And if you think that it has even the slightest bit of an invigorating quality, think again. I was a lot happier with Snake Peel 
I ordered this and, while I'm a fan of other Therabeads products, I found this poorly designed.  Unless you have a very thick neck, the velcro straps are worse than useless.  They either get in the way or cling to the fabric cover.  The only way I could get it to fit was to cross the straps in front below the neck -- and then it didn't cover the neck well. 
I ordered the regular size, they were to big, the smaller size? too small. neither one fit well but both did one thing well, hurt the area under my eyes. Buyer BEWARE 
To get hot lather, which is nice, you first have to get the device installed on top the can.  I would not recommend this if you are easily frustrated.  The directions provided are sparse in several languages.  First you have to pry the top off the can of shaving cream.  They provide a pry tool for that purpose which works well on some brands of shaving cream better than others.  Then you have to fit the device on top the can.  It worked well with one brand in a large size can.  When I tried it with a smaller size can of shaving cream it emptied half the can during the installation process.  Using a different brand in a large can, I had trouble prying the top off the can.  If you have time and patience, and are willing to spend some money on various brands of shaving cream to find one that works well, give it a try.  Otherwise, be forewarned it may lead to frustration and bad language.  It would be nice if companies intending to sell products in the US (apparently manufactured somewhere in Asia) would provide a clear set of instuctions in English, in reasonable large readable type, with illustrations.  In this case, they need to clearly specify the type shaving cream can the unit is designed for.  I do not need instructions in foreign languages, and get tired of limited instructions in six languages 
I ordered this item for my husband and I was extremely disappointed.  It is poorly made and basically is not worth the money.  I do not recommend it at all 
Sorry to say, but this product did not work as promised. The black canister does not hold any type or brand of Lather can, only Gel type cans. I did call the customer service number and asked why this is, and  the rep told me that it is a Type - O on the package. In order to use with a Lather can, you just put the device on the top of the can and use as is. The older Model product did fit the lather type cans, but this one does not. Sorry but if you are going to use this with a lather can, you might want to get the older White Model. The product looks starange when you cant use the Black canister as pictured. 
The size is good but the second one we ordered leaked. The cap did not fit... The after taste is not so strong but very difficult to see the difference from an ordinary stainless steel container/warmer which costs only $6-$10 dollars in the market around. Too pricy and the thin plastic cap does not match well with the product 
I was disappointed in this product as the bonnet was smaller than the previous dryer I was using by Hot Tools and had problem getting on over my large rollers.  After using about 5 times it stopped working.  I will say that it is compact for travelling but feel that it is undependable.  The temperature did get extremely hot so for a quick dry it was good from that standpoint. I ended up purchasing another Hot Tools Dryer, a little more money but worth the price in the long run 
The very first thing I noticed was how small and crammed the case was. It was almost impossible to fit everything back in the case without thinking you have damaged something. The other thing was how awkward the entire assembly was.  The bonnnet was difficult to get on, mainly because the hose connected to the bonnet was heavy and in an awkward place, and kept pulling the bonnet off my head. After a couple of trys and reading the instructions, I knew I would never use it, simply because it was such a struggle just to get it on your head. Whoever designed this product should be demoted 
I purchased this product thinking that it will be better than the hand held models or the scale type models, since it combines measurements from hands and feet for a more accurate measurement of body fat.  The scale part works normal, but the Body Fat measurement is higher by 20 - 30%, compared to Tanita BC554 scale or Omron HBF-306C hand held.  Omron, replaced the unit, but the new one is also inaccurate.  Now, I'm tying to get my money refunded, but Omron does not want to take the unit back 
Maybe my toenails are just too thick, but this cutter just is not heavy duty enough to cut them... I threw them away upon first use.  My old toenail cutters were the same design but I don't know who made them...they worked fine... heavier duty metal and much sharper.  These are junk IMHO 
I have used this product inside my bedroom during the last few months but I have not felt there was any improvement in the air.  During the winter months, I generally get sore throat and an occasionally fever.  This year, nothing has changed since using this product.  This product is as good as the electric pest repellers. 
The idea is fantastic.  The fact is I don't wake up immediately like BZZZZ--I'm awake.  Amazingly I can hit the snooze on a regular alarm without ever knowing it.  On this alarm, the light starts glowing and gets brighter and brighter over a period of time you select.  I have mine set for 15 minutes, and usually by the time the light has reached maximum I'm coherent enough to get up.  If the light doesn't do it, you can add sounds ranging from a buzzer to screeching sea gulls--ocean, wind, and ringing bells falling somewhere in between.  The flaws:  As others have mentioned, the light itself makes a buzzing noise at low light levels.  So when it first pops on in the morning, you also get the annoying filiment vibration of the lamp.  Secondly, you don't set the alarm for when you want to get up.  You have to go through some math calculations, figuring out when you WANT to wake up and how long it will take you to get to that point.  Then you set the alarm for that earlier time (awake minus groggy equals alarm time).  Third, if you use the sound in addition to the light, it does increase in volume as the light increases in intensity, but the sound starts out so loud to begin with that the light is really pointless.  A workaround we've found for this is to use the external speaker provided.  Plug it into the back of the light, run it across the room, and bury it upside down under some pillows.  Then pick a sound like "Birds" instead of the lip-curling "Harbor" or "Town".  From it's buried location across the room, the sound hits the right volume about the time the light maxes out.  Whoever came up with the plan of making the sound come on with the light was just not thinking.  Fourth, the clock lumination can change colors, rotating through the entire rainbow all night long in its default setting.  At first that looks cool.  Until you realize a bright yellow clock glowing in your face at 2 a.m. is just wrong.  The darkest setting is red, and the only way to choose it is to hit a pause button on the back when it rotates around to that color.  So yes, it works.  And it wakes me up without making me use my hammer.  But the design is just plain stupid.  If the manufacturer would wander by here, read this and make a few design changes, they could make a light worth buying 
If you want my review in a nutshell, here it is: Two Defective Rise & Shine Lamps. One Call to Verilux. Verilux Refuses to Help.  If you wish to learn how this sorry state of affairs came to pass, read on.   My Verilux Product Experience:  I exchanged my first Verilux Rise and Shine Natural Alarm Clock & Bedside Lamp due to a non-functional internal speaker, ostensibly from loose wires that were shaken loose during shipping (if I am to understand the Verilux' company president's response to a similar defect report in these reviews). The good news: The speaker in the second unit now works. And contrary to some of the other reviewers I feel the Mylar speaker sounds quite good -- although dual stereo speakers would have been an even better choice (with a line-in jack for CD player or iPod). The bad: Despite the jumbo LCD display that might lead you to assume that the AM/FM tuner is digital, the radio is completely analog. The station IDs are printed in roughly 7-point type on the tuning dial instead -- small enough that some owners will need their glasses AND a magnifying glass to select a radio station. By contrast, I own an alarm clock by Conair with a similar analog tuner, with the exception that it uses roughly 8-point LCD digits to represent the radio frequency in the lower right-hand corner of the backlit LCD display. On Verilux' comparatively enormous LCD, I am left to wonder why the design team failed to consider that option. An analog tuner without a station display is something I expect from a $15 drugstore alarm clock, but not from a product of this type, which is otherwise very well thought out.  Unfortunately, due to an apparent flaw in the shade and/or the lamp itself, the shade on my replacement lamp -- the lamp I received from the store in exchange -- won't sit straight! One can remove the shade, look at the lamp on a level surface, and see the lamp "shelf" slope downward such that the shade itself also is similarly slanted! Making the situation worse, the lampshade is also slightly off insofar as the ring is not centered. There are three metal supports attached at the top of the shade that are bent downward and welded to a ring that sits about half way down (as typical of most lampshades). The ring, in turn, sits on the lamp body (or shelf). The whole assembly is cockeyed, including the socket into which the bulb sets (at a VERY obvious angle)!  Cosmetically speaking, there are also problems that are surprising to see in a product of this type. Whereas the first lamp I purchased has a very prominent nick in the plastic edge alongside the LCD panel, the replacement lamp has a scratch in the ivory plastic lamp body about an inch below the shade shelf, and it, too, must have been obtained in manufacturing.  As for the shade itself, it came out of the plastic wrap with a beige blemish, roughly 3/4", that looks like a pale stain against the bright white linen. So while the second lamp did not have a DOA speaker, I apparently traded one problem in for another. Worse, the lamp appears lopsided even from the opposite side of the room (and would probably appear that way from down the street if I were to set it on the curb). In short, the Verilux Rise & Shine lamp is just not up to the quality that the price/warranty suggests. And in case you are wondering if this might have been "gray market" merchandise, it wasn't. I purchased my Rise & Shine lamp straight out of a high-end, authorized retail store, new-in-box.  The AM/FM clock radio paired to the sunrise-simulating full-spectrum light, finished off by the eight high-quality digital nature sounds -- contained in a space-saving design roughly 6.5" wide at the base and 20" tall -- makes for an outstanding combination and concept. For this reason, I hope Verilux will continue to refine the Rise and Shine model, particularly where quality control is concerned.  Given that I am a gadget fan, and someone who has rated products 1/5th the price of this lamp very highly, it should be understood that I really wanted to give this a positive review. But two duds in a row?  IRONY  The Rise & Shine user manual emphatically instructs consumers to contact Verilux directly instead of returning defective products to the retailer. Given that my replacement lamp is also defective, I followed these instructions. But in reality, Verilux wants defective merchandise to become the retailers' problem, not theirs (as per the instruction I received to make a THIRD 40-mile trip back to the store where I purchased it). Conclusion?  VERILUX DOESN'T BACK THEIR WARRANTY (in my experience/opinion).  Nor, apparently, does Verilux care what kind of impression they leave on first-time customers. So if you think the impressive three-year warranty will help you if something should go wrong, consider what happened less than 72 hours into my ownership experience. And believe me, there was no rudeness involved to provoke this kind of reaction on the part of Verilux' customer service department, either.  What Verilux has apparently forgotten is that this is the age of the Internet. As it so happens, I supplement my income writing product reviews for Websites. In fact, I am a writer by training/trade. Translation: Verilux chose the wrong customer to let down. I have no intention of smearing Verilux' reputation -- unless telling the truth and nothing but the truth about my experience qualifies as such.  Would I recommend this product to a friend? Yesterday I might have said yes, chalking up the non-operative speaker in the first lamp to a fluke. Today, coupled with the fact that Verilux seemingly does not wish to stand behind their products even when it would take a mere lampshade to keep a customer happy, my answer is a resounding NO.  Should anyone at Verilux read my review, I wish to close with this thought: I could have learned to live with the cosmetic problems I noted, but a ~$5 lampshade, to replace the one that was blemished right out of the box -- and doesn't sit straight, to boot -- is that not worth keeping a first-time customer happy? 
Waking up to this product's sound and light is delightful.  Trying to read, at night, by the "daylight" bulb is not delightful.  The light is too dim.  I've done the things suggested by instructions and other users, to no success.  I must agree that, for the price, this product should have better sound and quality.  That leaves us with "Great idea, lousy execution! 
Like the fading in of light.  Would like the sound effects...if they worked!  Out of box the sound effects did not work. Now have to mess with calling the manufacturer to fix or get it replace.  Such a hassle 
WARNING:  THIS SYSTEM COULD BE HARMFUL TO YOUR HEALTH AND HAPPINESS and walls. 1.)  The danged clippy thingy is very difficult to snap on to the HOT, damp, roller, so it is very easy to burn fingers while trying to manipulate it. 2.) This is very frustrating, and made this reviewer want to throw roller and clippy thingy at the wall. 3.) The Sadistic designer only made ONE WAY for the You-can't-put-a-square-peg-in-a-round-hole variously sized rollers to be replaced in the unit after use.  This puzzle remains unsolved by this reviewer. 4.) This is very frustrating, and made this reviewer want to throw the whole danged unit, rollers and clippy thingies included, at the wall. 5.) Even if you only use a few of the rollers on your hair, you have to take them ALL OUT of the unit - (the better to play the afore-mentioned puzzle game, my dear) to dump the unused water out of the unit prior to storage. 6.) This is very frustrating, and made this reviewer want to throw the whole danged water-filled unit, rollers and clippy thingies included, at the wall. /TundraVision, Amazon Reviewer  
The chenille cover is very soft and nice to the touch, however, it does not allow for the cold from the gelpack to penetrate. The 1 star rating is only for using this product as a cold pack.  I had intended to use it as a cold mask only. 
Out of the box didn't work. Would not have givin it a 1 Star review if there was a zero. Now its time to play the refund game. 
It makes glasses stain. And I return it within 1 week 
It looks cool, but the mister doesn't work.  The lights are the only thing that worked.  It is very small too.  I was very disappointed 
Product doesn't really do anything more than blow air.  It doesn't appear to do anything with the ultraviolet light 
My rheumatologist recommended that I try a wax bath product for the osteoarthritis in my thumbs.  The cartiledge in the left thumb is all but gone, with the right thumb being in better shape.  The wax bath did not eliminate or ease the pain in either thumb, but did greatly improved the skin on both hands.  I continue to use it just for the dry skin on my hands, and am pleased with the results.  It's possible that this product would have worked better for me if I'd used it earlier, before my thumbs got so bad.  I plan to use the wax bath for the pain from inflammation in my feet, due to rheumatoid arthritis.  I did have to turn down the heat due to a lifelong and extreme sensitivity to heat in my hands, and this is probably why the wax doen't stay warm for longer than 10 - 12 minutes, even when wrapped in the plastic bags and then in a towel.  The initial loading of wax has lasted a long time, so I don't recommend purchasing more than 2 or 3 pounds of wax at a time 
This stuff smells bad, like a mix of medicine and pesticide.  Had to throw it out 
 After two months my conclussion was that I could see no change what-so-ever. Typically Neutrogena is quality, but not this time. Now you can't say you weren't warned 
I had great results with this product with the first use.  However, when I used it the second time, the triangular pad lost all of its abrasive surface, leaving me with a smooth, useless triangle.  I replaced the triangle, thinking I had a "dud", but had the same thing happen with the second pad.  The cream will work without the pad, but not as effectively.  If the manufacturer can come up with a pad that has a more permanent surface, they will have a winner with this product.  On a positive note, I love the facial product 
This item was recommended in a magazine article for calluses on your feet, so I bought this specifically for that use. I used the triangular pumice attachment only.I was under the impression that the attachment would rotate,but in general it's just a vibrating(2 levels) machine with attachments that you move around your body manually. The vibrations weren't intense enough to make any difference. The actual machine has no function. The body resurfacing cream which has little scrubbing crystals was ok , but can easily be used without this machine 
I explected the microdermabrasion head to rotate, but instead it vibrates very strongly in your hand.  My hands are still buzzing from the night before when I used this product.  I would not recommend this product to anyone else, I loved the crystals cream. 
I decided to try the caffeine free Mega-T because I quit caffeine a couple years ago and didn't want a diet supplement with caffeine.  I only needed to lose 10 pounds.  Took as directed for 1 week.  Also followed the diet and exercise program per the enclosed pamphlet.  After 1 week, to my dismay, I actually gained 3 pounds!  I contacted CCA Industries, the company that makes Mega-T, and they promptly informed me that they have a 30 day guarantee and to return them, along with my receipt, for a refund.  I shipped them back yesterday.  I gave a 2 star rating because of CCA Industries' customer service 
The bath seat was easy to put together and satisfactory to use. But some of the metal hardware that was provided for use in assembling the seat was not rust-proof, and rusted after several weeks of use. It makes no sense to make a product used under water that contains metal parts that are not rust-proof. 
This is an expensive fanny pack, not impressed. To enough room for diapers etc 
The photo of this product is extremely beautiful and its supposed functions are very attractive, so I bought it even though the existing reviews are mostly negative.  Well, the reviews are right. This product arrived unassembled. I stared at the obscure instruction and the parts that does not seem to be able to hold in any way for a good couple of minutes, and decided this is not for me. And by the way, without the beautiful blue light showing on the photo, this thing looks like a lifeless vase made of pale glass.  As I re-pack this thing back, I noticed that it has actually been opened and re-sealed before. That means someone bought it and decided to return it as well. That says a lot about this product. 
These hair topia pills are nothing but garbage! Pure nonsense! Trust me, I know this because I used to buy them.  I first bought these pills last year in June 2005 after hair formula 37's unsuccessful promise of producing longer and stronger hair in the four months of usage. Well, these pills were not as expensive as the previous brand mentioned, and had promised also change dry and brittle hair into long and healthy, and it did absolute NOTHING. I said to myself, like hair formula 37, that maybe I just need to give this more time, so I bought a 2-month supply and gave it 3 months in all and there was no difference at all. This product might just work for others, which it has, but it certainly didn't work for me. I must admit that I brought this on myself, as my mother warned me not to buy these ridiculously expensive pill since they do nothing for hair that grows naturally anyway, and that if you really want to get hair pills then just buy them a whole lot cheaper in regular stores like Giant or even hair vitamins in the damn Dollar Store! Thus, I am here to warn others not to waste their precious money. And if you are going to, please don't do it on this site-you can buy this product a little cheaper at hairboutique.com. 
I thought these wipes would be a handy solution for the office or situations where I don't want to carry around a bottle and a microfiber cloth.  But contrary to what's promised on the package the wipes left big watermarks on lenses, which ended up dirtier than they started.  The wipes work okay on a computer screen, though 
I had a Wahl Clipper pair before. It was a good pair of clippers. The pair I owned previously was white and black as pictured in your ad. That was the pair I wanted again. The pair I have now does not perform like the previous pair. So I'm stuck with the pair Ihav 
They have to be lubricated several times during a hair cut.  My hair is very short and this is unusual.  If you do not go over every area of your head at least 5 times you will have tiny haris sticking out.  I spent more on these clippers thinking they would be better.  I would have been better buying a cheap pair at Walmart, which I normally do 
I searched around for a quite long time before I decide to purchase this model - the performance of this clipper is very poor, I have to switched back to my old kit to cut my son's hair.  Very dispointed 
Was impressed by the attachments and the how-to video but the clippers were of poor quality and pulled on hair rather than cutting it.  My 5 year old was in tears within 30 seconds of use.  I returned mine for a refund.  Make sure you test clippers before buying i 
Same as the other review. The thermometer will not turn on. I won't change the battery because I don't think I should have to pay for it if I bought a brand new product. I will return it and buy a better thermometer 
Health-o-Meter's proprietary random number generator in a cheap plastic case.  Step on/off this scale in rapid succession and you might get the same number twice.  Come back 2 minutes later and you'll be lucky if you're within 2-3 pounds of the first number.  Absolute junk 
This is no doubt the worse product I have ever purchased from Amazon.  I would return it or perhaps I should throw in the trash. The weight varies if you step on it within a 10 minute interval enormously.  It is horrible. 
OK, it does get hot quickly.  But only when I can get it to turn on.  After about 6 months, the connection to the power switch became loose.  Now I have a hard time getting it to turn on.  I'm about to buy a different iron with a different type of switch 
At first, I thought this product was great, and I used it for a few days. Then, I noticed that my face was getting red and swollen. Now, I look all deformed. I am really upset!! The acid ate away at my face and I am still waiting for my face to heal. I called Neutrogena and they said it is probably an allergic reaction.    March 23, 2007, Update: After the swelling on my face went down, my whole body started itching, and I had to go see two different doctors. The internist said that it got into my system, and gave me two strong prescriptions to get it out of my system. I took the medication for over 2 weeks, and used Cortizone 10 several times a day to relieve the itching. My arms and legs are all scared. There are still marks now even though my arms and legs have healed. This was the worst product that I have ever used, and I don't even have sensitive skin. I never had a problem with a product ever!! I was very careful when I used Rapid Clear. It never got in my eyes, nose, or mouth. I used it once a day for a week until my face swelled up and turned all red. I looked like the character on Mask. Horrifying!!! I will never ever buy another dangerous product from Neutrogena, again!!!! I will tell everyone what happened to me!!! The funny thing is..... one person that I told this to, who also saw my swollen face,.... she said this exact thing happened to her with another Neutrogena product. So, I know it's not just me! What the heck is Neutrogena putting in their products?     
I bought this product and the only thing I really gained from it was acne, plus my body actually seemed to get flabby. Once i got off it the acne was gone and my torso looked nicer and more cut. would NOT recommend this to anyone 
I couldn't even assemble the product, and there were no instructions on how to do so 
I have to say i am disappointed, Having used a trimmer from wahl with same model number 9916,  which i felt gave me a good trim, i immediately sought out to buy same model off amazon.  the one i received was much cheaper in quality. The plastic guide IS cheap junk which felt like it would break eventually, which it did within 3 weeks from being dropped. The guide shattered. There is no replacement for the 5-position guide for the 9916 I can find.  Now i am torn between buying another of these and treating it like a precious heirloom, or finding a razor that can survive real world use.  On the plus side, the battery life on this razor is incredible. 
Don't buy this product. I went through two units with the same problem. The trimmer is made of cheap plastic with plastic tabs to snap onto to the blade. Within less than one week the tabs broke and the trimmer would no longer stay attached. Further the base/stand is just a lightweight piece of junk that does not properly hold the handle and accessories - very poorly designed, Wahl should be embararssed. It did a nice job of trimming my beard but the attachments are so awkward to install and remove, the base practically useless and the trimmer tabs break so easily that I would have given it no stars if possible. The fact that I returned one unit only to get a second that broke within a week makes me wonder what good the two year warranty is worth 
Tried this product for 2 weeks; it did improve the clarity and softness, but I found the product to be too scratchy and it did not rinse off well, seemed to have a sticky feel.  Since then, I found a wonderful microdermabrasion product called Microdermx by Nikkel Holistic Skincare. This product performs like magic; it is not too scratchy and I can do a whole microderm treatment and not end up feeling like I've been slapped with a wire brush.  I can do the treatment 2-3x's a week, (like your supposed to) but I also use it each morning as a cleanser and everyday is better than the day before. It is a magical product. Bette Hampton,  Chicago, I 
This straightener has been one of the worst I have ever used. It didn't straighten at all. I had to go over sections of my hair more than 10 times to get it at least semi straight. It did not stay straight either.&#60;br /&#62; WASTE OF MONEY!!! DON'T BUY 
The only thing good about this item is that it is cheap. It was able to somewhat straighten my incredibly curly, thick hair but that was only after going over the same sections of hair numerous times. In the end my hair would still come out somewhat curled, frizzy and puffy. This straightener is somewhat heavy to hold and the plates do not get hot enough 
This straightener is great for thin hair... but not for thick. I myself have very thick hair and this straightener usually leaves my hair looking frizzy and very poofy. The best hair straighteners out there are about 1&quot; thick or less and they normally have glass plates. So if you have thick hair, spend a little more money on something with a lot more quality 
i bought this straightener because everyone said it was wonderful and it was at a great price...BUT LOOKS CAN BE DECIEVING!! this straightener pulls my hair, it doesn't get very hot, it's kind-of uncomfortable to hold, and it DOESN'T STRAIGHTEN MY HAIR!!! 
 While Bumble and Bumble used to be one of my favorite lines of hair care products, this conditioner (and I might add shampoo by the same name) was a real disappointment.  Using it left no softening or conditioning effect and there wasn't even a pleasant scent. Don't know where Bumble fumbled but they certainly fouled up on this one. I'm saving my $$$$$ for Lush and Frederic Fekkai 
Well I ordered this iron and recieved a different one!So how can I rate it.......mad at amazo 
these bars arrive smashed, melting and stale..taste like cardboard with, dried blueberrie jam spread around on them...awfu 
I was very happy with my purchase.  The company chose to mail it to me via priority mail in order for it to arrive before Christmas.  I was very pleased!!!!   
Over time (9 months) my aquasana filter developed cracks in both the shower head and filter housing. Customer service told me to buy a new one. I guess it really is 'All about the money'. Pass this loser. Buy a metal body filter 
This product almost had me going to the ER. I felt a little flush so I used this monitor to check my blood pressure. It was 151/98. A second check showed 148/100. I then really started feeling flush as a wave of burning flushed my body. My wife an RN said calm down, breath deeply. I went over to my Rottweiler and started hugging and petting her. After about 10 min. I felt the flushness go away but the blood pressure showed 162/99. I made a Dr's appointment and brought the machine with me. In his office where my pressure always is elevated when he 1st takes it, I used the machine in front of him and my pressure was 153/107. I really got nervous. He took it with his machine and it was 140/82. You won't believe the relief. He took it again with another machine and it had come down to 135/80. I'd like to return the machine for a non-digital one. I've seen this before with a digital machine from a different company 
This device worked about 80% of the time on myself and only about 10% of the time on my father.  Unfortunately, it was a Christmas gift for him and not for me.  We ended up getting a self inflating one at Circuit City that seems to be working just fine.  It IS possible that the problem lies with him - possible faint heartbeat or high blood pressure but it is odd that the one at CC worked just fine 
Please verify with Amazon if they will ship your product. I ordered mine 6 weeks back and I havent recieved it till now..I wonder when they will send me the same 
Results were never consistent.  Many "err" readings.  I was definitely no satisfied 
Took two pump bottles on a camping trip in the Sierras and they leaked terrible!  Fortunately I had double-bagged them in Ziplock bags.  I was able to spread the leakage on my body by hand, which did keep the mosquitos off for hours. 
Fails at it most basic function: to provide a non-leaking seal. You might as well throw the top away and just use your hand to cover the top 
All I wanted was a bottle that I could use to mix y protein but this stupid things leaks every time because the lid doesnt fit right. You'd think something with only ONE purspoe would adequately fill that role.... well in this case it doesn't 
Doesn't thiss say it all? "screw-on threads failed & my shake spilled." I threw it away and use my martini shaker instead 
My biggest issue with this shaker is that it doesn't seal properly around the threaded part of the cap. Even if I really tighten it up, I still get a small leak when I shake it. Also, the cap for the mouthpiece pops off pretty easy. But overall it gets the job done, and having fluid graduations on the side are nice 
It does let you shake and mix up the protein well. But no matter how tightly you screw the cap on liquid gets all around the edge and in the threads. Then as soon as you put it down it all runs down the sides and leaks everywhere. It's a horribly cheap and leaky design. I would look elsewhere or just be prepared with a lot of paper towels every time you use it. (and if you find a good one that doesn't leak please post the info here and let me know). Thanks 
Shaker is adequate for breaking down whey, but it leaks.  I always have to wash my hands and the outside of the bottle after making anything with it 
I bought this product b/c I can't stand the feeling of hair/stubble on my legs. I got sick of taking 20 minutes every other day to shave. This product indicated I could remove hair in about the same amount of time, but that it would last much longer than shaving. I purchased it and waited a week to receive it. Once I received it, I spent 40 minutes using it. In this time, I could have shaved both legs, both underarms, and my bikini line twice. Using this product, I was not even done with one leg. I went over the leg numerous times over that 40 minute period, and it did not remove a single hair. I pressed lightly, I pressed hard, I did everything but stand on my head and twirl my feet while rubbing my stomach, and nothing made this product work as indicated. Others may have had luck with it, but I did not. I was not impressed and I would not recommend it to anyone. 
This product is great at exfoliating, not so great at hair removal.  Your skin will be silky smooth, but still have hair.  The hair that is removed doesn't stay gone long.  And it's tricky to maneuver into the curvier parts of your body.  It will definitely have to be used in conjunction with another product. 
i did not like this thing at all. it took too long to "shave" my legs. it didn't even remove all of the hair. it irritated my skin as well. 
Beware! This thing, even if you try to be careful to be light on the pressure, as well as not keep it in one spot, it took the top layer of skin off! My poor legs were in pain from my jeans rubbing up against them at work. Ow! I had to wrap them up in long cloth bandages till the skin healed. And what's worse, it didn't take out all the hair.... I could still see some hair here and there it missed, and I thought I got it all. I returned it immediately and got a refund on my money. Never again.... I'll stick to my good ol' electric razor instead.... 
I received this as a Christmas gift and thought, "Why not... I'll try it."  The woman who bought the gift for me also has one and told me NOT TO APPLY ANY PRESSURE when using the device.  As a redhead, I have extremely sensitive, thin skin so I followed her advice very carefully.  I did not apply any pressure what-so-ever, and didn't keep the device in one area for too long.  The result..... worse than any sunburn I've ever had!  My legs are burned in various areas, as the product sanded off the first layer of my skin!  The skin hardened and has begun to crack in the burned areas.  I'm a little concerned and think I should call my physician, as the condition is extremely painful.  Worst of all, the hair grew back immediately the next day and I had to shave the areas that were not burned.  This is a terrible, dangerous product! 
 I suspect that the phrase mentioned in the title of my review (which I saw in the description of the product) was Amazon's idea since most (if not all) of the label information is easily found on Nature Made's own website  www.NatureMade.com.  There you will find that several of the components are synthetic (not necessarily bad, but I like to know), and also that Amazon is near the top in selling price of the 6 listed online retailers for this particular product.  Ain't it just amazing what the web can teach you?   Thanks Amazon! :)  
I like this hairdryer.. when it works! It has broken twice on me.. the first time it starting spitting out sparks so I sent it back.. they sent me a new one (of course I had to get a temporary one because it took a while to get it back) and now it only works on low, the high is broken.. I am going to throw it out and get a different brand.. Not impressed! 
I was hopeful that this little product would be up to the job but alas, I was wrong. It turns out this is a fragile, underpowered, ineffective tool. Darn.  
Worked well five times. Then it slowed down and made cutting more difficult despite removing head and running water through it to clean, as per instructions. Then it would run before cutting, but upon trying to edge trim my moustache, it would stop immediately, as if a single hair could jam it. Removing head, as required for cleaning, showed that bottom part with its drive motor worked fine, with a rotating metal stub that fit loosely into a poorly made plastic part that moved the blade. It appears that this plastic part's stability, shape and alignment changed after a few uses allowing hairs to jam its movement. A poor design that shouldn't have used plastic. Do not bu 
This product was not as I expected.  It is much weaker than ones used in the past. It certainly was not worth the price I paid. I returned this item. 
I recently purchased this product and i found the motor power to belacking and the tweezer heads dont work as well as the emjoi ap99 aka optima gold. The price for these two items are the same so if u want the best for the same money, dont get this one , get the AP99 MODEL INSTEAD 
I ordered this product on June 7th 2006, today is July 11th 2006, and I still have not received it.  I have cancelled my order because it is a lot faster to drive to the story to purchase it, than to wait over a month for it to show up.  I'm really not happy with the turn around time for the Tide HE Detergent. 
Depending on how I shifted my weight--even just slightly--the scale read different amounts.   This is normal when the difference is small.  But the difference was up to 20 pounds!  There was no way to know how much I really weighed! I called Amazon right away to send it back... 
I was looking to scent an entire room. The lavender is a decent aroma but you need to be within a foot. There were no recommendations on how to spread the scent throughout the entire room so I have to believe that this limited range is normal 
Like everyone else has said - the controls on this dryer suck! If your fingers are at all wet or greasy from product, it is a struggle to flip the switches. I don't know if the ionic feature did anything or not. I suppose I'll know once I compare it to the replacement I'm about to buy.  I had the dryer for about a year...and now it's gone. As I was drying my hair last week I noticed sparks shooting out of the nozzle! Yikes. I cleaned out the filter and the sparks stopped. It lasted maybe 3 more uses before it just went dead. No smoke, no fires, just nothing. I expect a longer life from a simple appliance like this. Back to Target I go.. 
I bought this hairdryer and it worked really well for one week, but then it just DIED on me. ONE WEEK 
This hair dryer did dry my hair quickly. BUT, it quit working after a month. I exchanged it for another just like it and the same thing happened a few weeks later. The buttons were also hard to switch. This was a waste of money. I ended up buying a completely different hair dryer 
Broke after two uses, buttons are hard to switch, and drying time was not better than my old-school model. in fact, my hair was frizzier. i was kinda glad it broke. I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this 
I was pretty excited to try an ION hairdryer. I got this one because I liked the idea of being able to 'control' the amount of ions coming out.  My hair DID seem a little shinier after using it (the only reason I gave it two stars and not one) but my hair felt a little drier. Almost straw-ish...it never felt like that with my old drier.  Also the buttons really are hard to switch...all of them! I read another review that said that and I thought well how bad can it be? I dry my hair with a round brush in my right hand and the dryer in the left. I turn the dryer on and off during different times while I am doing my hair. With this dryer I could NOT turn the on/off switch with my left hand. I had to put down my brush and use both hands. I could not believe how hard it was to switch! This was the main deciding factor in returning the dryer, it was SO frustrating not to be able to switch it easily with a flick of your thumb. Not to mention made me feel like a big wussy!!!  The speed setting only has two settings, low and high. The low setting was way too low and the high setting was way too high. A middle ground would have been nice.  Lastly, the dryer smelled a little weird. Granted, I only had it two days before I returned it, so the smell might eventually disappear. But it wasn't your normal 'new hairdryer, hot plastic' smell. It was almost a slight mildew smell. Yuk.  So, I would NOT recommend getting it. I exchanged it for the Vidal Sassoon ion sensor dryer. That seems to be working better. The low speed setting is perfect. The smell is normal 'new dryer' smell so far. The buttons are EASY to push!!!!  The sensor (it automatically turns off when you pur it down) is a little off, it takes a while to turn off. But all in all I like it. And it also DOES make my hair shiny and DOES NOT make it feel drier or like straw! 
After some research online, I decided to purchase this dryer because it had all the qualities I was looking for in a lightweight, compact model. It worked great while it lasted, but unfortunately it died 6 months after purchasing it. One day it worked, and the next day it started smoking and sparking!! 
I got this product to help me sleep and it did NOT work for me.  I used to take some pain killer/sleep aid made by Members Mark and that worked great, but I no longer need the pain killer.  I bought this and have tried it 3 times now, and I can't quite explain it but it did not make me tired.  It made me feel relaxed and more of a false tired, plus it made my sleepless leg syndrome act up all three times I used it.  Not only did it not make me drowsy, I couldn't sleep and I woke up several times during the night.  I think I would have done better without it.  But everyone reacts to drugs differently, so try at your own risk 
I purchased this product in an attempt to help out with jet-lag and it worked really well.  I've used it a few times since and find it doesn't send me to sleep any quicker than usual, but I don't tend to wake up through the night if I've taken it. It's obviously not something you'd want to rely on all the time, but very its handy as a occasional aid if you're having a bad run of nights. Doesn't make you feel hung-over the next day, either. Sadly, I can't buy any more because Australia doesn't recognise the product. I don't know why, because as far as I can make out its active ingredient is good old-fashioned Benadryl. 
I used Relacore for one week.....it didn't work the only thing it helped with was sleeping.  The bottle says take one with each meal and I did by 3pm daily I was fighting to keep my eyes open.  If you need help sleeping this is one too take.  Also I put on 3 pounds 
I really like the Crane humidifiers for children, my youngest daughter has been using the penguin at night for quite some time.  It occasionally glugs but the most part is very quiet.  So I was confident that the apple shape my elder daughter chose would be just as good.  I was surprised when it arrived as the water cannister was much flatter and smaller than I had expected and the design of the base which controled the water flow was different.  Still we started to use it and quickly discovered that it didn't detect the water level accurately and frequently turned itself off.  This may be a fault with the one I received and so I have sent it back, or it may be a design flaw with this shape.  I have just received the soccer ball and the base on this looks more like the penguin and the water cannister is more like a sphere.  So although I haven't had chance to use it I am more hopeful of success. It is important to empty these humidifiers regularly and clean them, I forgot for a few days and was horrified at the build up of slimy stuff and the smell of mould in such a short time 
I bought this Apple humidifier in early November. It stopped working soon at the first time I used it. I later found out that there was no water exchange unless you shake it or move it so that it might continue to work for a while and then stopped again. You have to repeat the above steps in order to keep it working. I contacted the manufacturer and got replacement. However, the new one has the same problem, and what's worse, it leaks!! I talked to the manufacturer again, but they didn't think there should be such problem and refused to do anything else. Now I have to keep this defected machine and have no idea what to do 
we received it with broken cover. It didn't work properly and stopped running every hour. We tried different ways to make it run, but nothing worked. We've returned it. It's just waste of money. On the other hand the COW-humidifier which we bought at the same time is fine and running well. No complaints 
I got this humidifer for my daughter's bedroom.  She loved the big apple but it only ran for about one hour at a time, then automatically shut off.  Tried all the troubleshooting suggestions to no avail.  I had to return it.  HOWEVER, I did buy the penguin shape for my 2nd daughter's room and that one works great. 
This shaver only works on short or fine hair. If your hair is long (more than 1/4 inch) or coarse, it just skips over the hair and doesn't do anything. I've thrown it away and gone back to disposable razors 
One I started using the shaver it fell apart.  It has plastic tabs to hold it together and they just don't work.  The shaver is a waste of money 
We have only had this showerhead for one month.  Already the nozzles are clogging.  The spray has become more like pins and needles than a gentle waterfall.  Do NOT purchase this product if you have hard water 
ordered 5 allergen covers from this vendor; 2 had defective zippers (would NOT close after opening).  Image the fun of wrestling with your large mattress and then discover the zipper will not close 
I've read a lot of reviews on this product. It obviously works for some people, but be aware it doesn't work for everyone. Me being one of the latter. I've taken it twice and both times it did nothing. First time I took it before I left for work. The drive to work I was yawning and about to fall asleep. I didn't get 5 minutes of energy let alone 5 hours. Second time I took it was about 15 minutes ago. Still nothing. I was feeling sleepy and still am. My Mom, on the other hand, says it makes her energetic as hell. It might work for you. It might not, but 5 dollars (2 pack was all they had) is a lot to waste to find out. 
Would have been better if I actually got this.. I ordered this and got 6 Dr. Bronner's Lavender soap with a Hemp Tree soap bar code on the back. I'm too lazy to send back and I already opened one And the lavender is nice. But I would rather have the hemp tree... afraid to order again 
Very disappointing.  The shower head itself is massive - the size of a small dinner plate.  It is attached to a long hose which is so flexible it can't support the weight of the head when the shower is in use.  Predictably, when you turn on the shower, the head drops groundward, spewing water in a horizontal spray.  Installs easily, but save your money 
Of course it works great - for as long as it works. After some time, my unit develped a leak. Unlike better showerheads, the part connecting the head to the hose is assembled in two pieces that separate after time, causing the seals to not set properly, resulting in the kind of leak mine developed. Unless you want to replace your showerhead every couple of years, I'd stay away fom this model. And good luck navigating Watrepik's website to get any help 
The massager is top heavy and very heavy and will not stay on your hand. You will go nuts trying to keep the straps/massager secure on your hand 
I bought this item for my wife exactly four months ago (9-15-06) and she said it was working well for most of the four months.  She had concerns because the electrical cord which attachs to the unit rotates and when it rotated to certain angles, the heat would turn off (as indicated by the green light which is either off, flickers or solid).  As she used it, the problem became more and more frequent.  Now, the unit will not work unless it is at one point and at a certain angle (which I guess allows electricity to go to the unit).  I tried taping it to that location but the cord also has to stay at that certain angle which is impossible to maintain when using the iron.  This is not very good for such an expensive item which gets alot of twisting and turning use and should have the highest materials and workmanship to prevent electrical.  My wife admits that like anyone the unit has been dropped, but that should not cause an electrical cord problem.  Dropping the iron risks breaking the two flat iron ceramic plates, which are still perfectly intact.  The problem is that because of the cord, and the way a flat iron is used, there is alot of cord twisting.  For what is advertised as a "professional" device and at a cost which only a professional would normally purchase, we cannot believe that this could be used in a "professional" environment.  My wife only uses it six or seven times a week, not six or seven times a day like in a salon.  We highly recommend that you STAY AWAY from this product. 
I have placed the order on Oct 9th for $114.95, now on Nov 10th Amazon is asking me to approve my revised order again for $125.95. I made a mistake when I should have ordered directly from folica I could have used it for a month now! The 1 star rating has nothing to do with the product quality, since I have not used it.  
I had a waterpik which started having problems after a year (planned obsolescence, LA water...Who knows). I bought this hoping for better longevity but it is disappointing. I like the layout of the reservoir and controls but it is not nearly as powerful as the water pick and the reservoir is way to small. Just my opinion (humble as it may be 
Unfortunately Total Block did not work well with my rosacea sensitive skin. It caused my skin to become very red and irritated by the end of the day. I don't doubt this is an excellent sunblock, just not for my rosacea sensitive skin. I use it now on my arms with no problems. I do feel it is very expensive for so little product so will not repurchase 
This product feels like grain on the face, I don't care for that feel. They should improve that. Other wise I suppose it does the job 
The hair dryer is very heavy.  Also, while I like the yellow design of the dryer itself, the yellow cable makes this look rather like a home improvement tool 
the nose trimmer works well, but the electric razor not well at all. Does not cut at all. I would suggest the nose trimmer but not the razor. the cost was a little high for the product 
Let me start by saying I think the regular Guru energy drink is the best on the market. I only wish I could say the same about GURU Lite. There is nothing positive about this drink. It is awful! I was very excited about trying the Lite version but after my first can the rest went straight into the garbage. You might as well take a Ginseng or Ginkgo Biloba capsule open it and pour it straight into your mouth. If you are big fan of the regular Guru stay with it and don't waste your money on their Lite version. 
I bought this hoping this will be better than shaving and last longer, but its not good, first of all it doesn't remove all the hair and second its very very painful and very very slow, if you have lots of free time to spend shaving the most painful way posible (I have done wax and wax doesn't hurt compare to this) then this is your product.  Other bad thing it produces ingrown hair THE horror! 
I have been trying to suppress my appetite for awhile. I took TrimSpa 32 and I think that it did better than this product. I have been taking it for a week, and along with that, I have been substituting a nutrition shake for breakfast and a salad for lunch, plus working out. Dinners are healthy about 5 days out of the week.  I've noticed NO change.  I am taking these to be able to eat significantly less and still work out.  I'm very hungry before lunch and when I get home I have to take a nap and can't work out until later in the evening. I really have noticed no change at all in my appetite or my energy level, which is really unfortunate 
I have been using an electric shaver for 30 years.I have gone through 3 different syles of shavers this past year since my old remington died. NONE OF THEM WORK WELL. What gives Remington??? 
This razor is not worth the money. It did shave pretty well for a few months, but the rubber strips wear out really quickly. And, even though the "cleaning option" with the fluid seems like a great idea... it does not work very well... the razor was never clean... and refilling the fluid is just a pain... I would not recommend this razor 
This product does not work if you have soft blonde hair.  My hair is not coarse and this razor just glided right over top with out cutting a thing.  It's comfortable to hold and seems like it is made well, but it is definatly not for those of us with soft hair. 
I bought this shaver last September, and at that point I agreed with the other reviewers. It delivered a nick-free shave and was quick and painless to use. This past May, it stopped being able to re-charge and just died completely. I only used the recommended cleaning solution, changed it according to the instructions, and cleaned it after every use. I sent the shaver back to Remington, they were very nice and sent a new replacement shaver after a few weeks. It worked wonderfully, for about 2 months when the same problem occurred again! I'm sending it back again and hoping for a refund this time, it isn't worth my time and money to go to the post office every few months to return yet another defective shaver! 
The concept is cute, although the size makes it a bit difficult to store when you are not wearing them, but the main problem is that they give you hat hair, compressing your hairstyle with the band that surrounds your head.  Regular glasses go in between the hairs, so everything fluffs out.  If you never take off your reading glasses, have a buzz cut, are bald or otherwise wear your hair flat against your head (but be careful of buns), the clic connect reader may be fine for you.  Otherwise, conventional glasses are a better bet 
    I was attempting to order Aveda Brilliant Anti-Humectant Pomade, but received Aveda Brilliant Humectant Pomade. The packaging is so similiar. Did not realize until I opened product that I had the wrong item. Either you sent the wrong item or I inadverantly ordered the wrong one because of packaging. I was being very careful to follow every word... so I wonder. ... does Aveda srill make the anti-Humectant Pomade. I am stuck with the wrong item now that I opened the jar. At any rate, I am not a happy customer with a product that will not meet my needs plus I am minus the $22.53 amount spent 
conair just really does not make great hair straighteners. i bought the full size one before, and without warning it just quit working after a 2 months. i have a revlon full-size one now (which works GREAT). i recently got my hair cut short, so i decided to go buy a cheap small one to reach the short hair in the back. turn the turbo on, blast it up to the highest temperature, and it still is not even half as hot as my revlon one thats turned on minimum. i have really thin hair, and its not even curly it just gets wavy sometimes. this thing cant even straighten that much 
I bought this iron for my teen daughters - actually I bought it twice, since I didn't have much choice where I was shopping.  Both times it died.  The first iron lasted about 6 months, and the second lasted 2 weeks!  Just dies, no warning.  My girls are begging me to buy them a decent straightener that is not a Conair!  I am going to invest in a better one this time and am doing a lot of research 
Babyliss Pro Instant Heat 5 Jumbo Roller Hairsetter comes in a compact, useful size.  However, the rollers take a long time to heat up. Even if left plugged in for a half-hour, they do not reach a high enough temperature to effectively curl thick hair.  I would not recommend this product 
The first few days worked great.  I could not finish eating anything, I was full with very little to eat but after a few days the effect wore off.  I work out daily, count carlories and drink at least 74 ounces of water a day.  I did notice a slight difference in my nails and never experienced jitters but that was it.  I did not lose any weight what so ever.  I think this may be good if you want to have a bit more energy but don't expect any weight lost. 
COMPRE 2 FRASCOS DE CENTRUM SILVER 220 CAPSULA Y LO QUE YO PEDI TIENE UN ENCABEZADO DONDE DESCRIBE QUE TIENE LINCOPE EN LA PARTE DE ARRIBA A LA IZQUIERDA. EL FRASCO QUE ME ENVIARON NO ES EL MISMO QUE YO COMPRE. RAFAEL A GARCIA 
I made the mistake of buying this light to treat my acne without first talking to my dermatologist about it.  After just using it three times my acne became more out of control than it had in years--my face broke out in places it had never broken out before.  It took me two months of using medication from my doctor to get my acne under control. I would not recommend using this device unless a doctor says it would work for you 
The drywalls in my house apparently have some insulation blown into them, and I could not get the hooks to work.  I finally did get one  in place and hung a medium large picture on it, and it failed.  Far short of the maximum weight on the package.   In all fariness the walls were not the right kind of walls and I think whey would work fine for small and medium pics.  The laser tool that was included is neat and I used it for all of my pictures, which I had to hang with other hardware 
I had heard that Chocoleans were effective, but I was very disappointed. They taste good, but didn't satisfy my hunger or my sweet tooth. About the same as eating a piece of dark chocolate. I wound up gaining weight while using these 
Way too expensive for little in return. The same size piece of dark chocolate with the same calorie content would be just as filling. [...]  
The Sharper Image offers a better product which I have been using for about a year but I wanted to try the Conair for a little more "heat." I shaved with the HGM 1 and felt pretty good about it. I returned about an hour later and it had emptied an ENTIRE can of Edge Gel (unplugged) over the bathroom counter top. Go with the Sharper Image product with this little hint: Ignore the instructions regarding the one minute warm-up and let it warm up for about 4-5 minutes and you will get a decently hot lather 
I thought they might've improved the HGM 15 model. Forget about it. Both models are lousy. Buy foreign.  It might work better 
This isn't what I thought it would be.  The instructions are unclear, so I had to refer to the box to guess at how to install it.  I finally figured it out after about 10 minutes of fiddling with it.  You have push down on the top to get more than a tiny bit of gel out - so it takes two hands. That means that once you put gel on your face, you get gel on the machine. I set mine machine to the hottest setting for it to feel warm. This must be a safety thing, but I can't imagine what the lower settings are for.  The gel cools extremely fast, so by the time you apply it to your face, only the gel where you first apply it feels warm.  I had the same machine for foam and that worked a lot better, but I don't use foam shaving creme anymore.  Once I use up this can of gel, the Hot Gel Machine gets retired. 
If you're interested in the Chrome model to match your stainless steel appliances be prepared to constantly polish it due to the water spots. My friend owns one and at first I was envious, but now I rather be less fashionable than freak out over the visible water spots. This model has the same shape as the Riviera and as I stated in my other review althought it is ergonomic, the Riviera collects algae on the bottom of the pitcher so I would be skeptical in buying this one.  The only reason I gave it two stars because it ultimately looks cool but you can't avoid the water spots and it may be algae friendly. 
I don't have a particularly large skull but these barely fit together on the bridge of my nose. I don't see how the manufacturer can claim one size fits all; as I said I don't have a huge melon like Mike Myers's brother in "So I Married an Axe Murderer". The idea/concept is great but...I'll probably return them. Unfortunate because I was really looking forward to using them. People with REALLY big heads, caveat emptor 
I really like the Crane humidifiers for children, my youngest daughter has been using the penguin at night for quite some time.  It occasionally glugs but the most part is very quiet.  So I was confident that the apple shape my elder daughter chose would be just as good.  I was surprised when it arrived as the water cannister was much flatter and smaller than I had expected and the design of the base which controled the water flow was different.  Still we started to use it and quickly discovered that it didn't detect the water level accurately and frequently turned itself off.  This may be a fault with the one I received and so I have sent it back, or it may be a design flaw with this shape.  I have just received the soccer ball and the base on this looks more like the penguin and the water cannister is more like a sphere.  So although I haven't had chance to use it I am more hopeful of success. It is important to empty these humidifiers regularly and clean them, I forgot for a few days and was horrified at the build up of slimy stuff and the smell of mould in such a short time 
I purchased this orange humidifer and promptly returned it. I already have the penguin which is also by this company...and that one worked perfectly. I don't know if it is because of the design...but this one shuts off after about ten minutes of running. You have to constantly shake it to get it going again. Obviously a manufacturer error. I must say it is completely adorable and asthetically a complete pleasure to look at. My kids wanted me to keep it because it was that cute. But, it just didn't work 
I bought this Apple humidifier in early November. It stopped working soon at the first time I used it. I later found out that there was no water exchange unless you shake it or move it so that it might continue to work for a while and then stopped again. You have to repeat the above steps in order to keep it working. I contacted the manufacturer and got replacement. However, the new one has the same problem, and what's worse, it leaks!! I talked to the manufacturer again, but they didn't think there should be such problem and refused to do anything else. Now I have to keep this defected machine and have no idea what to do 
I got this humidifer for my daughter's bedroom.  She loved the big apple but it only ran for about one hour at a time, then automatically shut off.  Tried all the troubleshooting suggestions to no avail.  I had to return it.  HOWEVER, I did buy the penguin shape for my 2nd daughter's room and that one works great. 
I was disappointed getting this product because I've read the previous reviews and the majority have written positive feedback on this hair iron.  I actually prefer the cheaper Conair's ceremanic irons w/o the wet on/off feature over this one.  It doesn't clamp down well on my hair (I've got thick frizzy hair).  The results for me aren't that great, it straightens my hair a little but it's still frizzy.  It's lightweight which is nice.  I don't care for the wet hair option because it takes me twice as long to straighten my hair.  I definitely prefer other models over this one. 
I read all the reviews & thought this would do the trick. My daughter does not like the results at all. It does not straighted her hair as it states. I wish I would have spent a little more $$ on a better one 
I've used the same straightener for the past four years and have always been able to get my naturally curly hair perfectly straight.  This past Christmas though I got the Conair Tourmaline Ceramic Straightener as a gift and decided to try it out.  Not only did it not work for anything, it pulled my hair and broke it at every pass.  Also, it took more than twice as long as my normal straightener.  Needless to say, I'll be taking this back for an exchange.  I suggest the normal flat panel straightener for anyone with naturally curly hair 
I was very disappointed with this product.  Not only did it come in a foreign (Chinese) box, it doesn't work well at all.  The "powder" that was included actually made it worse.  If I were you, I would keep searching 
THIS PRODUCT FLAT OUT SUCKS  IVE BEEN SHAVING MY HEAD FOR YEARS AND NEVER HAD ISSUES WITH CLIPPERS HAD A BASIC REMINGTON BEFORE  THIS PRODUCT GIVES ME NOTHING BUT TROUBLE 
Owned for 2.5 years. Finaly broken. "The Conair often feels as if it is pulling your hair rather than cut it"- totaly agree 
As others experienced, both packs each had two dead batteries in them. I am even using the Juice Family Charger, so it isn't a brand problem.  The packaging was a little beat up as well as if they were sitting around for a long time.  Sort of dirty. Also purchased D batteries as well and that packaging was worse.  Hard to knock the fact they are made in China because let's admit it, pretty much everything you buy is made in China. The problem is the poor quality control from the company Juice Battery themselves.  These are actually ok batteries if they work, but not worth the price especially when taking the chance on whether they will arrive beat up or DOA.  Even though still most likely made in China, stick to the main well-known brands insread of this junk 
I recieved these dead, they don't fit right in most devices and I haven't been able to get them to work since they've been recharged, it's not my charger..... waste of mone 
Original purchase had two dead batteries, then a replacement set had the same results , it's as if they were bundling two dead batteries with every order. But the bottom line says it all in fine print on the back down low "MADE IN CHINA". 
The glasses are well made but I found them awkward to use. They didn't fit comfortably and it took quite a bit of time to get them on. The gimmick sounded cool but didn't work well for me. Every head is different, so maybe they'll work better for you 
EWWW EWWW GET IT OFF GET IT OFF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMIGOD I loved Hugo so much I've been anticipating this in the mail and bought the shower gel from a different source as well.  This is just terrible. I'm taking a shower. Look for my posting of this CHEAP...I've already taken a loss.  I have reviewed many colognes, take a look at them. I like most of them 
This item didn't work very well. It wasn't a close shave at all. I used it twice before my dog chewed it up. It left a fine stubble on my legs and kind of hurt my armpits both times i used it. 
The Braun LS-5550 Silk&Soft BodyShave Rechargeable Cord/Cordless Women's Shaver is absolutely useless, not fit for purpose 
Save your money - you will go over an area several times. I went back to my basic razor 
This thing comes with lots of attachments, of which I regularly used only 2. The vibrating cuticle pusher is silly. As far as all those round discs, it's hard to explain the physics of this, but suffice it to say that since it's a rotating circle, you can only use half of it at a time or you'll experience a bump-bump-bump. The thing rotates at such a speed (even the lowest of the two speeds) that even leaving on your toe or finger for a moment or two can create a burning sensation.  What I did use was the smallest pointed attachment, which I used to lightly go around my nail close to the cuticle. This was good for when you're wearing clear nail polish and your nails are starting to grow out. You can lightly buff down that ridge of polish. Same goes for the edge where acrylic meets the natural nail.  The other attachment I used, though less frequently, is the bigger cone-shaped one (kind of looks like the shape of a foam ear plug). That I used to lightly go over my largest toenails to thin them down since I have trouble with ingrown toenails. Again, it's a challenge not to create burn when doing so.  The nail dryer thing is silly and useless. If you manage to cram your hand into that little scoop without smudging the polish, it doesn't do much anyway to dry your nails any faster than just letting them set. Buy a little fan like they use in the shops if you want faster drying time. This thing isn't gonna do it.  Other folks mentioned this thing ruined their nails. It's likely because they tried to use all of the attachments (which you'd think you should be able to do, right?). Much regular buffing on your nail thins it down and weakens it too much. The bump-bump-bump of the round attachments likely doesn't help, either.  A couple times I used this for acrylic nails. I have a tendency to wear acrylic nails a few weeks and then hate them and want them removed---and I'm no longer willing to subject myself to the soak-and-pry method done in the nail salons. So the alternative was soak at home, or just trim down myself and then thin them to a more natural curved shape until the rest of the acrylic grew out. However, I mention I did this only a couple times. That's because apparently acrylics are a bit too much of a challenge for this little "Deluxe Manicure System." After sounding like it was ailing while it filed down the length of 2 acrylic nails, it gave a little bzz and then died. I waited a while to see if maybe it overheated. I tried other outlets. Nope, dead.  So I'd pronounce this unfit for natural or acrylic nails. If you want something of quality for acrylic nails, invest in the Dremel tools that the salons use (just be sure to get one with a low RPM or foot pedal attachment). If you want something of quality for natural nails, go to the drug store and get some sandpaper nail files, a rectangular buffer, and a cuticle pusher. Sometimes the best solution is the simplest. 
I agree with the reviews from the other reviewers.  It basically ruined my nails the first time I used it.  However what I did discover is that this is an excellent products for keeping my dogs claws trimmed.  After trimming their claws you often get rough edges.  I now use this manicure kit to smooth the edges and keep their claws short.  They don't seem to mind it becuase it is very quiet.  I must state that I will never again use this product for my own nails 
I was very eager to use this product.  I had all sorts of various files and clippers to keep up with and I thought this would be a great replacement.  I was a little disappointed when I had to let the hand set charge for over 18 hours before I could get full power.  My disappointment increased when the cheap plastic attachments started breaking after just a few uses.  We can not use the nail filing disks because they will cause a friction pain if you use them at the wrong angle.  I had big hopes for this product but all I got was a big disappoinment 
This Flat Iron Combo Curler is not worth the money that I spent for it.  First of all it does not get hot enough to straighten my hair.  Although I must admit that my hair is very thick and wiry.  If anyones hair is the least bit thick it will not work.  I wish I had spent more and got the Sedu since it had very good reviews.  Now I have to start over and buy a new one because this iron cannot be returned if it has been opened.  Now, tell me how anyone would know if it works or not if it is not opened and used.  "DUH" 
I've used GHDs and even though they're pricier they are worth every penny. After using the Hai Stick just one time, I had terrible split ends, and the stick did not 'glide' over my hair in the same way but seemed to tear. Terrible! I think I'll upgrade 
I bought this product from the Discovery Channel Store and I really want to love it, but all of the green colored lights stopped working a couple weeks after I bought it.  I returned to the store where I was given a new fountain, but the same exact thing happened to the new one just a couple weeks later.  The mister still works well, but the LED lights are unpredictable at best 
The flexible arm is not stiff enough to support the dry weight of the showerhead.  This is the most pathetic product that I have seen in decades 
First of all I was very disappointed when I received my Waterpik CF-203C Cascadia showerhead.  It is all plastic!  I do not recall seeing that anywhere in the product specs.  I thought when I oredered a chrome finish that it was some form of metal.  Sedondly, even with the head made of plastic, the plasic flexible hose is not strong enough to support it.  We could not use it because the hose would just hang there and spray the wall.  We installed it repeatedly, following each step of the instructions every time, thinking we were missing something.  I eventually returned the showerhead to Amazon 
The pressure on the rain setting is so low you have to keep it on the concentrated spray to really wash the soap out.  Switching between the two causes a cold stream to come out for a second or two till it clears.  Also it is not sturdy - when the showerhead is moved to a higher position it does not stay and falls back down to the lower position.  I will be returning mine 
This item worked well for a month or so, but then began working intermitently after that. Eventually it stopped working all together. In my opinion it is a pretty cheaply made item. I would not recommend it 
I had this model, or at least it looked the same, for a few years and it worked exceptionally well.  It finally broke down recently and I thought I was lucky enough to find it again, but they must have changed the product significantly because it does not work very well at all.  Actually, it is virtually useless as it only partially gets the job done, which, of course is like not having it done at all 
I know that i am at an FPO address so that makes it more difficult to send and receive parcels but, to have never gotten the parcel is unsatisfactory.  i never got the item that you wish me to make a review on.  Send it to me and I will gladly use it and then review it 
I found this item to be equal to the Conair curling iron you can buy in a drug store for less money 
The straightener works ok. It straightens my hair better when it is dry. I have very course hair. I still had to blow dry it to get it to straighten out, and go over it a few times to really make it straight. The remington is to thick, so you can not style the hair at all with it. The worst part about this particular straightener is when I leave it plugged in and have it shut off it keeps making a beeping sound?? I have to unplug it to make it stop. I just bought a chai straightner for about three times the cost of this, it is only 1 inch thick so it styles the hair very nice, but it straightens my hair the same as the remington. I have only had it a few weeks, so I am intrested to see if the chai causes less damage as it claims then other straighteners 
I am a reviewer and I was checking out this 'sleep aid' when it struck me as strange that almost every review for this product sounds like a promotion of the product, not a review, AND note that the reviewers have only one review (click on their 'see all my reviews').  Beware of this shoddy marketing ploy.  This 'crud' alone merits my one star rating.  Amazon needs to censor these reviews 
Now I try to limit my caffeine intake to the bare minimum, like in tea.  I do not drink coffee.  So when I took Stacker 3 (just ONE PILL) I was jittery and could not fall asleep.  I stayed wide awake the whole night and through the day.  I felt nauseus too.  Now this was probably because I don't drink coffee or anything that has a lot of caffeine in it, but I don't recommend Stacker 3 anyway 
This product must work for some people but obviously not for everyone. I started this 1 month ago, using it as directed with normal diet & regular exercise, & I've gained 8 pounds! On the up side, the price was low ordering thru Amazon, so I would recommend if you're really interested go ahead & try it, maybe it will work for you 
within two weeks the hose connection was leaking.  the manufacturer never responded when i contacted the 
Absolutely the worst cream ever! After about a week of using it, my skin turned very red and then gray/brown! I developed severe wrinkling and my skin became rubbery and loose. I went to a dermatologist who did a biopsy and said that I had developed elastolytic granulomas over the area where the cream was put - the elastin in those areas was destoyed and there was a scarring like pattern of collagen. The normal architecture of the dermal/epidermal junction was also lost - causing melanin from the epidermis to fall into the dermis - basically causing PERMANENT discoloration! Dont listen to the false hype on the net - that hype is coming from people trying to make money off this stuff - take the advice of someone who has actually USED this product - copper peptide products are NOT good for your skin 
These CliC glasses are a great idea... I first saw them on CSI-NY, and sought them out, but they are not made big enough... they worked fine as long as I was looking down, but as soon as I turned my head level, or looking up, the glasses would "pop" apart.  I had purchased two pair, and returned them both 
Bought two of these. One as a gift and one for myself. Luckily I tried mine out before I gave the other away. This thing just vibrates. NO MASSAGE AT ALL!! After 30 seconds you get nausea...its not worth 23.99...its a piece of junk. Trust me you are not getting a bargain. I guess you pay for what you get, but in this case I can't even say that because in no way will this help someone with a bad back or someone who needs a rub. 
I ordered 2 of these. Only 1 came with the AC plug. That was disappointing 
I bought this lamp because it says it doesnt give off any glare and is easy on the eyes for reading, doing crafts, sewing........... Well it doesnt giove off much light either!!!! So you need another source of light in your work area also......... I didnt think it would fill up the room with beautiful NATURAL light but c'mon.........all in all its an overpriced night light!! 
I made my order 5/26/06 and received my order 7/22/0 
Terrible reception.  Tinny speaker.  Radio does not "remember" last used station when turned off.  Don't waste your money 
Cheezy as cheezy can be.   The only feature I liked was that this item could be returned!  The sound was terrible, not easy to tune, flimsy design and the gimmick to have it look like a bug was only cute if you are 10 years old.  This thing is junk and not worth the price of the batteries it requires.   Mine was promptly returned 
The little radio does not have the ability for station lock-in. Every time it is turned on it reverts to a station set at the manufacturer. Since there are no indicators or displays it is annoying and time consuming having to constantly reset the station(s). It also has lousy reception and lots of static can be heard when the radio is on 
I thought these looked so cute when they came out, so I put it on my wishlist last year. From Day one, it has never worked right. Sometimes it just shuts off on it's own. Of course when you turn it back on you have to start at 88.9 again. There is no visible tuner, just a tiny hard button that hurts your finger when you press it. The antenna began getting rusty after a few months, finally this morning it broke off in my hand. I was able to stick it back in, but then wasn't able to tune a station. I turned it upside down and finally got something.  If you want hassle free, ease of use, and good quality, this is not for you. 
I would have given it zero stars but that is not an option. It stopped working after about 10 minutes of static filled reception. It was difficult to get a station. And it was not a problem with the batteries. Run, don't walk, *away* from this 
Doesn't show you what station you are listening to.  It starts over at 88.9 every time you shut it off.  By the time you scan a few stations, it stops getting a signal and you have to start off at 88.9, again. 
My girls bought this for their step dad for his birthday. He won't even listen to it any more because he has to reset the station every time he turns it on. We can never find the station we like without having another radio on to find it. The main reason he quit listening is because after I spent time trying to set the station in the morning, during his shower the station would automatically change to another one, give me a break! This is a worthless radio, it doesn't even deserve 1 star 
I bought these for my dad for Christmas and they did not fit his head, they didn't even fit mine and I have an average size head. Another thing, they did not look cool at all, they were ridiculous looking, nothing like the Photoshopped pictures 
I am a big fan of the regular CliC reading glasses. I own several pairs and think they are great. However, the Sport Goggles DO NOT get my vote of confidence. They have three problems which make them unusable for me: 1) on all CliC products there is an all important stem adjustment that adjusts the length of the stems to properly fit the glasses onto your head. However, unlike the very cool regular reading glasses by CliC, the Sport Googles do not adjust properly and so the Goggles run very tight if you need even a slightly above average stem legnth, 2) there is also extra foam padding on the Sport Googles that make them very snug, but because of the tight stems the foam padding makes these glasses far too tight to enjoy and 3)the maker doesn't make it as clear as they should in their description ... the Irridium (Red)colored lens on some of the Sports Goggles are far too intensely tinted and dark for any kind of regular light conditions or applications like morning driving ... or even safe walking on a rocky path. Sorry Clic, but your success with the Reading Glasses went to your head ... you needed to do more user testing for comfort and vision with the Sports Goggles. I would like to return them for a larger size and lighter colored lens ... too bad for me! 
I purchased these but had to return them.  while the molded strap is adjustable, it only opens up approx. 1".  The magnetic attachment worked well but if your head is 23.5" or larger around - at the eyebrows, forget it, these will not fit you 
I first bought the standard, and then the large size in an attempt to have a pair that fit well. I used them riding a bike in the winter months. Neither pair fit well and there are most likely very few people who will obtain a good fit. For the goggles to be snug enough to prevent wind from entering (and prevent tearing) causes great pressure above the ear. The rigid design somehow discourages turning your head freely. I retired my Clics when I found foam padded sunglasses for motorcyclists. 
I'm sorry that I ordered these online. I should have tried them first. They do not fit round heads. No matter how many times you adjust them they do not fit. The bow needs to have an adjustment too. The magnet is not that strong when put on a round head they just pop off. Would not buy another pair. 
I bought the goggles and was excited by the look. They are kind of "Riddick" like. They had disappoiinting performance when I rode my jet ski at 65 mph and they flew off my face. They did float and so I found them and tried it a second time and same thing happened. I gave them to my daughter and she will try to wear them skiing. They definately are not for extreme sports. They are also too big for casual use as sun glasses. 
I lovelovelove dark chocolate, (and other strong, pungent things like goat cheese and dark beer) but these taste just plain wierd. It's not terrible, but I can taste the hoodia, sorta like dried grass mixed in with the chocolate. I think they work at reducing hunger, but they give me gas so bad I can't be sure if I want to eat less because of the hoodia, or the gas. Maybe I'll try the *regular* ChocoLeans, but I won't be buying this again.  FYI: I absolutely LOVE the Phytobase powdered chocolate hoodia shake mix. I have no problems with that. Tastes great, works great. And no gas! 
I bought myself this book light after giving someone a $5 "robotic" book light from Walgreens. When she used hers it lit up the room. When I got mine today I tried it out and it barely lit up the palm of my hand. Had to smack it twice when the light flickered off to get it to come back on. It is flimsy, the light is dim and it's not worth the wait. Go to Walgreens instead. Mine is now lighting up the bottom of the trash can 
Hello,  I recently bought this blood pressure monitor.....it functions all well......BUT it gives incorrect readings.......i mean the readings vary significantly........not once , twice...but many many times......I was and am never sure about the validity of the readings..... Purchase this at your own risk.....my recommnedation would be to get a manual blood pressure monitor like the one with the doctors.....atleast u will know that the readings r genuine...and u can ALWAYS find someone who can spare 5 minutes and help u get the readings...... Take care and stay healthy...... 
There are so many different sites that all tell you that 'they' have the best absorbed CoEnzyme Q10 manufactured.  It's hard to know who is really telling the absolute truth or just propagandizing a product for quick sale.  We are born with extremely high levels of CoEnzyme Q10 and then it gets slowly used up as the years pass even if we actually eat the foods that resupply our bodies.  And who purposefully eats these foods for the CoEnzyme Q10 content?  The mitochondria in every single cell in our body needs this coenzyme for production of energy.  By the time we are over 40, our levels have dropped significantly and our energy levels have dropped with it.  I must admit that this Nature's Made product does NOT seem to increase my energy level like other company's CoEnzyme Q10 does.  So, from my own reaction to this product, I do not recommend this particular CoEnzyme Q10.  There are several other companies that make excellent, effective products (like Dr. Whitaker's and Dr. Sinatra's and Dr. William's) but not this Nature Made product 
It felt nice when my head and neck were resting on the real-ease, but the device failed to relieve the tension in my upper back and neck (past the time I spent lying on the device).  I'm about 6' tall. 
I purchased this product for my husband for Christmas. He has been in two car accidents and has migraines. We thought this might help. It doesn't. He feels very uncomfortable in fact. My mom has arthritis of the spine and she could not use it either. In fact, if you are short, as my mother and myself are, it doesn't do anything for you 
I placed the order on Feb 28, but did not receive the package even on April 12. I called the customer service, and was told that the item has never been shippped, while I do not receive any information about that. Moreover the customer service even don't bother to say SORRY 
I purchased the product, used it for 2 days and it has not worked since.  The compnay has yet to respond to my request for return, and Amazon excepts no liabilty.  Needless to say I wasted money 
Do you want the real secret on how to grow your hair? First, you need to have a healthy diet that includes plenty of vegetables and protein. PROTEIN! Then you have to keep your hair and scalp clean, trim your ends, and not use heating appliances all the time! Lastly, drink water! That's the secret! You go on a hair care board and you'll find people who swear by Vivisical. They'll show you before and after pictures and in the after picture it's just the person with their head tilted all the back just to make it look like their hair grew 5 inches in 2 months! Don't believe that nonsense! If you buy Viviscal, you're a sucker! You're better off just taking a multi-vitamin 
This is the classic original round stick Old Spice deodorant formula and now I realize that it is really dated.  The formula hasn't changed since its inception and you will know it when the alcohol starts to burn your underarms.   If you want the great smell of Old Spice then just use the After Shave and Cologne, but stay away from the old stick deodorant. I'll continue to use the Old Spice High Endurance deodorants which have improved modern formulas & scents and work much much better. 
I bought this based on Patricia's review and loved it for the first month, then noticed it making a strange sqeaking noise.  Upon closer inspection I noticed multiple welds breaking (I'm 185 lbs).  Now I'm not so happy with it, no warrenty, Amazon won't take it back.  Good thing I have a friend with a wire welder who can fix it for me 
Absolute waste of money. I bought this for my 13-year-old as a beginner shaver and it shaves next to nothing! I don't know who wrote the other reviews, but I doubt they were independent voices. This shaver is worthless 
As an esthetician I would advise against using these sort of products. They basically sand your face off. Please leave microderm and abrasive exfoliation to trained and licensed professionals. I can assure you that I am not just saying this to drum up business.  I would much rather have people not do anything to their skin than to use a product like this. You initially see great results because of the aggressiveness of the exfoliation, but believe me, you will pay for it in the long run. The main ingredient in this product is aluminum oxide (also referred to as corundum), which is characteristically known for its hardness, and is typically used as an industrial abrasive in sandpaper and as a component in cutting tools. This material is rated as 9 out of 10 on the Mohs scale of mineral hardness, making it second only to diamonds in abrasiveness. You may argue that this is also the same substance use in clinical microdermabrasion procedures, but you need to realize that these procedures can only be preformed by a board certified plastic surgeon, dermatologist, or licensed esthetician trained in microdermabrasion treatment. I see people coming in every day who use these at home kits and products, and they all have the same issue; It worked great at first, then after some time they started to notice that it wasn't working as effectively, so they used it more often and harder.  Exfoliation of the skin increases cell turnover and helps prepare the skin for hydration and moisturization when done right. When this process is done more often than necessary, or in an overly aggressive manner, you can end up damaging your skin and causing permanent scar tissue build up and inflammation. People don't seem to realize that there is oil on our face for a reason, it's there to protect and moisturize our skin. When you constantly cleanse and exfoliate your skin, you are doing more harm than good. Over stripping the skin causes irritation, break-outs, and heightened sensitivity that rarely can be reversed. When your skin is constantly bombarded by aggressive exfoliation, it's defense is to build up thicker layers of skin for protection. So please, if you do use this, use extreme caution, don't use it on your face, and do not use it more than once a week, if that.  Ask any esthetician, plastic surgeon, or dermatologist out there and they'll tell you the same thing: there is a reason people don't get facials, chemical peels, and microderm every day, or even more once a month. The adage "too much of a good thing" stands true here.  if you need more convincing, please refer to the following links and make the decision your self.  [... 
Sweeeeeet! Duuuuude! Or so I thought.  Ordered this item in August and still waiting for it.  My beloved Amazon.com gets no props on this one. 
Advil liquigels are excellent for headaches.  I am writing this review to warn customers that this product from Amazon does not ship in 1 or 2 weeks (as advertised).  I ordered this product more than 2 months ago and am still waiting for it to be shipped.  It is probably a good idea to spend the extra few bucks and buy this from the grocery store (like I had to eventually do when I ran out) 
I have heard fabulous things about gripe water from fellow mothers, but this particular brand is horrible.  The scent is strong, and the taste is strong and medicinal.  There are other gripe water brands out there that do not have such scent/taste.  Upon ingesting only 1 ml of this gripe water, my 7 week old daughter gagged repeatedly and vomited.  Up until then, she never vomited before.  If you want to try gripe water, find another brand 
Like the reviewer below, my dryer also stopped working within a short period. It was never dropped or misused -- after about a month, it simply refused to turn on when plugged in. Now, there is a decent warranty for the product. However, with the money you spend on shipping and the $4 they request for handling/return shipping, buying another inexpensive dryer starts to sound like a better deal.  I don't know if the other reviewer and I got the only two lemons, but since we both found our way to Amazon with this review, I wouldn't recommend the product to other buyers 
Very simple review - the hair dryer worked fine for a little over a month, then it didn't.  SAVE YOUR BOX IF YOU BUY THIS, you may need to return it 
This product would be excellent but runs fully 4" too narrow and 3" too short.  This creates an aprox. 2" lip around the entire matress. Very odd. This short coming disturbs the experience substantially. The laminated back works well. Be sure to purchase the product sized for a bed size larger than the one you own and it should be fine 
Every time we used this scale it gave a drastically different weight.  We returned it to Amazon, probably the first time we've ever had to do that.  For the price it should at least work.  Also, in only the 4 days we had it a large chip came off the corner.  It earns two stars for looking great.  I would not recommend it. 
Everyone in my family has owned these clic goggles.  My original pair gave out after three years of use.  I ordered these because they said "standard size" they normally come in small medium and large.  WEll, I am medium and the standard size is large (same as my husbands).  I had to tape them at the back to make them smaller so I could wear them.  Did not have time to return....very disappointed.  Will consider this before ordering from you again. 
I ordered this scale for a blind senior citizen.  The English speaking voice has a British accent and is difficult to understand.  The scale wobbles when you stand on it making you feel unstable, especially for someone with impaired eyesight 
The description of the ingredients lists "d-Alpha Tocopherol Acetate" as the main ingredient.  However, the product bottle indicates that the actual main ingredient is "dl-Alpha Tocopherol Acetate", an articial and very different version of the advertised ingredient.  The Amazon.com listing is very misleading 
I bought 300 and 500 units. They are not working in my small condo. I cannot find the place to see how they finally work 
Sold as "One Size Fits All" but they DIDN'T FIT 2 out of 3 people in my house. They are tight even on a medium woman's hand so beware 
not the pumps described even though i tried everything else.  I found that taking whey protein isolate at 200grams per day worked better at giving me a pump during my workouts.  
This is the worst waste of money I have ever had. the only good thing about this mirror is the suction cups. 3x magnification??? more like 9x !!!  you have to have your face right on the mirror or it looks like you are standing by one of those funny distorted amusment park mirrors. My suggestion would be not to waste your money on it. its a joke 
So, yeah, it mounts in your bathroom with the suction cups, and once it's mounted, it stays put pretty well.  Unfortunately, it has so far never actually been "fogless."  Get a good shower going, and the mirror fogs up in record time.  Splash some water on it, and you can see yourself for half a minute, but overall, this is a disappointment. 
I originally planned to purchase Locin floss to replace the DenTek, but I'm not too pleased with it so far.  PLUSES ======= -Each individually wrapped floss. -Doesn't contain floride.  MINUSES ======= -Flimpsy handle--almost not usable. -Wrap is not 100% sealed. -flossing head is shallower and narrower than the DenTek 
This is a very cheaply built product.  We had a hard time getting it to mist at all.  Even though the instruction say fill it with water at least 1 inch above the misting device it took trial and error to find the exact right level that it would mist at.  When it did mist it would not get more than about 1/3 inch from the top.  So, the mist never made it out of the bowl.  We did like the changing color lights 
I bought this heating pad about a month ago and it did not get near as hot as I would like! It is so hard to find a good heating pad now, but I would NOT reccomend this one 
I TRIED THIS DEODORANT FOR 2 WEEKS AND IT PEELED OF MY SKIN. STAY AWAY 
Mercury contamination is a VERY big deal especially if you are going to take a product "for life", are pregnant or a child.  Many fish oil products have Mercury contamination and are NOT filtered. Is this product  Mercury free??  So far the only product that was certified Mercury free was available from my medical doctor by a prescription.   
There is no way to keep this product in place in the mouth other than by keeping pressure on it with your teeth. This defeats the purpose of a product that is supposed to help reduce the grinding and clenching of teeth. Very disappointing. 
1500 mgs etc... advertised, is misleading as 1500 mgs refer to the daily recommended dose contained in two pills. Honest advertising would quote 750 mgs etc... Per pill! I will definitively not purchase any product from that unreliable source. I believe Amazon should check it's suppliers with more scrutiny as their misconduct reflects on Amazon - a generally very reliable ecommerce site. nessim 
Title says it all - it simply does not work, yes it turns and trims a hair here and there, but I would not purchase this again.  I am happy with my other Wahl product 
This little machine is not worth the cost of the plastic to make it.  I assumed, since Wahl has a long-time history of manufacturing grooming products, that this would be a quality item.  Was I ever wrong.  This trimmer is constructed poorly and doesn't cut hair.  It will be heading to the trash 
This item is garbage; I purchased it about a month ago and already dumped it in the trash. Sure it looks and sounds good but take it from me, it's not worth the frustratio 
Won't even cut hairs you stick directly into the blade. The shape and slots of the housing covering the blade would only cut hair that was as dense as a forest, and then only if you shoved it in hard 
These are just OK, not great. I have 2 pairs of the clic readers and I love them. The sunglasses, however, are not as sturdy, the adjustment feature does not work on my pair and I just cannot endorse them. I am disappointed as I am a huge fan of the clic readers and could not wait for the sunglasses. It's a shame 
Some products lead to real improvement of your skin (retin A, exfoliators) while others simply cover up the imperfections acting like a make up. The sad and hillarious thing is that most consumers mix up makeup effects with real skin improvement.  The Regenerist contains SILICONES that fill in small wrinkles and mattify the skin surface thus acting like an invisible makeup. Such effects lead most consumers to believe their crow's feet are smaller. If you really want to do a test, you should stop using the product for a few days using only face wash. If during that time you observe smaller wrinkles then the product works. You can't really claim the wrinkles are smaller while the product is on your face covering them hello.... And another thing, a wrinkle can't be erased in one or 3 weeks - the skin doesn't produce collagen that fast (unless you cut it).  Paying $18 / 1.7 oz (retail price, its cheaper on amazon but you have to pay shipping price) for a silicone makeup is a little steep for me provided that there are cheaper products on the market that will make your skin look equally good cause they contain the same silicone base even better -  try Monistat soothing care - chafing relief powder gel 1.5 OZ, $7 at CVS.  I have been using Matrixyl(the active peptide in Regenerist) for 6 months in my own formulations (without silicones) and frankly speaking haven't noticed any improvement in my crows feet or the lines on my forehead. Currently there is only one study of the effects of Matrixyl conducted by Sederma - the MANIFACTURER of Matrixyl which makes me quite suspicious about the whole story ... 
I will never purchase another Neutrogena product, again.  There products are dangerous!!!  It burned my face.  My face is all red, swollen, red, irritated, and itchy.  My new best friend is Cortizone 10, the anti itch cream.  It's been a week since I stopped using Netrogena, and I still look horrifying!!!!  Perfect for Halloween, right?  But, Halloween is over, and I still look scary.  This product has aged me!!!  It has caused a ton of wrinkles from where the skin is puffy and swollen.  NEVER, AGAIN, NEUTROGENA!!! 
These are the bulkiest, leakiest diapers i've ever used! Even though they don't have bleach, there is still tons of pesticide used in cotton production - plus, these aren't even made from recycled materials 
I found these diapers while searching for the 7th generation brand diapers. I was impressed and eager to try Tushies because there was no chlorine and no gell used to produce them, I ordered the medium size for my 20lb baby. The diapers came sooner then expected, which was great. My single star rating comes from my experience using them. They have no elastic and they are stiff which makes it hard to get a super snug fit. It seems like no matter how tight I can get the diapers my son leaks through them, out the sides and up the belly. Because the moisture does not wick away from his skin he also developed a diaper rash- his first and we have been only using these diapers for a week 
Do not buy this prouct because it is made of cheap quality and the attachable plastic combs are hard to attach and break very easily. The small parts that attach the combs also snapped off without applying much force. This product looks like a good value because of the number of accessories, but they will be useless when you throwing it out within only two months as I was forced to after all of the parts broke off. Save your money and avoid 
Please careful about this Grooming Kit. I bought one week before and when I turn on first time it did not work and plug the power it did not work. This product just missed the simple logic when i connected to power adapter why should it has to use battery power to work instead it should directly work with power adapter regardless of battery charged or not. This lag of simple feature make me wait for 2 hours to charge before i use it at that time my kid started to cry as i try to trim his hair. Also this can not be used for continuous use, if you use for small trimming then you have to wait for the battery to charge 
I purchase this press, and was totally disappointed with this product. It takes longer to press a shirt with this so called press, than with an iron. I will be returning 
I bought this press to do crafts.  The dimensions I were given were completely wrong.  I was told the Product in Inches (L x W x H): 9.0 x 20.0 x 15.0  It really is barely 6 1/2 inches wide and a little over 12 inches long, 17 inces long at the angle.   It was so small that I could maybe iron one sock at a time.  Also, the green light never came on after 1 hour of warming up and   Real waste of money and very misleading picture on the amazon website 
Please take this horrible misrepsentation off of your web site, or at the very least practice honesty in advertising. This unit is so small that all it good for is ties, shorts and socks. I feel violated by Amazon and Conair 
I bought this to save time.  It took me longer to stem press one shirt then ironing by conventional iron.  It was too small.  I end up returing it which cost me @$25 in shipping cost both ways 
The guy below is right.  The blades are so far down it won't cut anything but really long hairs.  How could this make it through any product test?  I tossed mine in the garbage. 
I like the concept of no chemicals in a diaper, so I bought Tushies.  When my baby was newborn, they seemed to work ok, maybe because she didn't put out that much.  She is now three months old.  I practice attachment parenting so I know exactly when she has a bowel movement.  The past two bowel movements the diaper has leaked horribly.  She was sitting on my lap, she had a bowel movement, five seconds later I got up to change her, the feces was all over my pants.  This has happened several times.  The concept of the diaper is great, but the diaper needs some work around the legs 
I don't know if it works or not - I just received it and all I get on it is a low battery reading 
I bought this item and had it shipped to a friend out of state.  It NEVER worked.  She replaced the batteries when it arrived, but that didn't help.  It was a complete waste of time and money 
I recently bought 3 items from this brand - Lumiscope. Actually this is the only item that works among them. Though I am kind of suspicious about it's inconsistent readings from time to time.  I think Braun IRT452 is a much better product, which I bought one for my parents in China. During SARS epidemic it never failed and provided consistent readings. 
Maybe it's just my bad luck, but I ordered this item and it came out with the expired battery. I called Amazon, and they sent me a replacement quickly. The thing is that the replacement was in exactly the same *not working* condition. The same problem with the battery. I was suggested to shop somewhere else for this item, as Amazon vendor don't check the condition of the items before they ship them to customers. Be aware! Don't waste your time 
Contrary to purported performance claims, my experience with these batteries has significantly worsened my opinion of Duracell's products. Decades of experience with Everready Energizers - and with other Duracell products (e.g., Coppertops) - show ProCell products to be markedly inferior in performance.  Regardless of how long their shelf life may be, they simply haven't performed up to par, much less equally to other Alkaline batteries.  This has just been my experience - over daily use, over many months, with set after set of ProCell AA batteries.  Take it for what its' worth 
I simply love most all of Olay products..especially the Regenerist line... until I bought the Tone Enhancer. It did nothing for my face.  Not one thing stated on the tube happened to my skin.  I guess I will use it as a moisturizer until it's gone. 
I am a HUGE fan of Olay products and use their foaming face wash, moisturizers (including the Regenerist Continuous Night Recovery is a great product)... so I was really dissapointed to spend $16+ on this product and then see no change.  I am in my 30's, have fair/medium shade combination skin.  I tried using it on various types of spots from a beauty mark to a break-out spot that was healing.  I tried using it a couple of times a day, at first blending it in and then even leaving a dollop on the marks while I slept (not blending it into my skin).  I tried it for several weeks.  No results.  This product did nothing for me.  I would not recommend it.  I would have given it zero start, but Amazon does not allow it.  Avon has a product out that touts similar claims to Olay's product.  I have not tried it yet but would suggest you see if you can try a sample of that from an Avon rep. instead. 
The product is great, I already have the uni-lateral one and it rocks, so i wanted to buy the BI- Lateral aka 2.. and two times they have sent me UNI ones that were labeled as BI.. So your  best bet is to bi 2 uni's by themselves until amazon fixes the problem.. 
I've used the CardioChek 6 times, and had my cholesterol checked at a doctor's office during the same period.  My cholesterol levels according to the doctor's tests are always around 200.  With the CardioChek they vary by as much as 90 points.  It is a lot of trouble (and expensive) to purchase 3 sets of test strips and stab myself 3 times to test total Cholesterol, HDL Cholesterol, and Triglycerides.  No test strips are included in the package when I purchased the CardioChek.  The box says "includes check strips" but those are something other than test strips 
I bought this product and the accuracy depends on having good test strips. I simultaneously had bloodwork at the Doctor's office when I did the test. Except for the total cholesterol, all the other tests were off.  The manual states to check for the blue color at the back of the test strips after the test is done.  Except for total cholestrol the other test strips did not have a blue color.  The test strips which are expensive were bad. I am planning on returning this produc 
I purchased the product .  Found it to be not accurate.  Also in order to get your LDL result you have to use 3 types of strips and a formula to calculate it - Costly !!  cumbersome !!! 3 times "niddle" your fingers !!  I returned the product 
  Molly, daughter or Richard- I usually write positive reviews on this site but not this time. Why on earth do dermatologists recommend this s***? Last year my hormones were all out of wack and I had a period for a whole month. I broke out severely as one would expect. Dermatologists  (including mine) swear by this aweful chetaphil. I HATE IT! It wasnt strong enough for my skin. It made my acne even worse if you can imagine! I'd been using it for four months when I finally decided enough was enough and I started using Neutrogena Frangrance Free Facial Cleanser. That change made all the difference in the world! I still do have acne but now it is mild acne instead of severe acne. Now its mostly just old, light scarring and the occasional breakouts around my chin and lips the week before my period.  One of my friends is a dietition and she also has used Cetaphil and didnt like it at all. Please do not buy Cetaphil even if your dermatologist recommends it. You will totally regret it 
I bought this for my husband and son and was not even able to give one hair cut.  It pulled the hair, and didn't cut well.  My husband kept complaining that it hurt and was pulling.  Since I couldn't finish, I had to use our old clippers to get the job done.  This was so disappointing, but I guess you get what you pay for. 
Does not cut hair cleanly.  Ends up pulling at hair and requires multiple passes 
 While Bumble and Bumble used to be one of my favorite lines of hair care products, this conditioner (and I might add shampoo by the same name) was a real disappointment.  Using it left no softening or conditioning effect and there wasn't even a pleasant scent. Don't know where Bumble fumbled but they certainly fouled up on this one. I'm saving my $$$$$ for Lush and Frederic Fekkai!         - Gail Cook 
This cannot be the real thing.  The scent doesn't last 5 minutes.  What a waste of $50.00.  I am so disappointed. 
I have never used such an impactless (if that is a word) product. There is absolutely no effect whatsoever, not even remotely. It is simply a waste of money and bottle. I am terribly disappointed - you are better off blowing air and water over your ingrown hair areas for better effect..... 
Horrible just like Tend Skin. Try Princereigns or Min they actually work and dont burn your face off like Tend Skin or Magic Shav 
I've been using TrimSpa X32 for over a year and, with a decent diet and regular excersise, I've lost over 40 pounds. The X32 formula has helped me maintain my weight with no side effects at all. I, too, decided to use TrimSpa Energy because it was new and improved, but was sorely disappointed. The Engergy formula is way too high powered (200mg Caffeine per pill) for me and has made me feel "sped-up", sweaty, greasy and just plain gross. And that's taking under the suggested dosage. I'm sure that it will help drop the pounds for you...at the expense of dilated pupils, shaky hands and acting sketchy. I don't think this pill should be legal and should come with stronger warnings. I'm going back to the other formula tomorrow...that is if I can get to sleep! 
I bought this pricey little bottle of Lens Dr. hoping that it could extend the life of my expensive glasses but what a mistake! It did nothing but make it worse! After I saw what it did to the lenses, I had to scrape and scrub to get it off! I hope that no one else will waste their money on this worthless product.  A BIG RIP OF 
This product is difficult to use and does not clearly cover the scratches on the lenses as advertised.  There are bubbles in the product that do not clear up as it dries.  I do not recommend this!  Just get new glasses 
If I had saved the box I would have returned this product. The head has no pressure what so ever and the head does not screw onto the pipe spout straight so it is always crooked. And it wasnt just one shower I tried it one both of my showers and it was crooked on both pipes 
While the memory foam in this pillow is of good quality and the craftsmanship seems equally good, this pillow is too small to do an adult much good.  It is much smaller than you might think and will not serve its intended purpose.  It could be perfect perhaps for a child 
You truly get what you pay for. What more can I say 
One-battery trimmers simply not strong enough, was glad to find a two-batteries version. It has a perfect design which will attract many more naive surfers like me. Unfortunately it's not good for nose hair trimming. Problem is it makes electric-like unpleasant sensations when touches sensitive skin inside nose. So much that it makes you scared using it ;-) It also doesn't cut well, doesn't reach inside, makes burning smell and overheated.  UPDATE On 2/7/2007:  From my recent experience, the MicroTOUCH Turbo is an excellent alternative which has no problems mentioned above. The only problem is its durability (you may find yourself buying 2 per year) but at the price below $10 this is not a real issue. Good luck 
The description says "slipcover zips off for easy cleaning", but the product did not come with a slipcover.  The pillow itself is in the blue gingham pattern.  Now I have to find a slipcover that won't blend in with the blue gingham pattern underneath 
Please note that any electric razor requires at least 10 days use in order to properly condition the skin so that you can have a good shave with it.  I have used the Panasonic ES8043 for about 20 days now and it still tears my face to shreds every time I use it.  Stay clear of this device unless you have stubble like a porcupine, it's like French kissing jaws.  The worst part is that no matter how bad you let it tear at you, you still have stubble left that no amount of choppi.. shaving will remove.  Seriously, this must be one of those devices left over from the Spanish inquisition.  
Tylenol is an over-the-counter medication that contains as its active ingredient "Acetaminophen". Acetaminophen is an analgesic drug that treats mild to moderate pain, making it a great headache reliever, or a medication that treats mild strains, sprains, toothaches, etc. It also acts to reduce fever. Acetaminophen is commonly used in place of aspirin for those allergic to aspirin. One drawback of Acetaminophen is that it does not reduce inflammation (therefore, it has limited use in arthritis swelling reduction). It has few side-effects. Those with liver disease should avoid Acetaminophen, as it is hard on the liver.  Tylenol (Acetaminophen) came into great prominence when aspirin fell out of favor due to the incidence of Reye's Syndrome and aspirin in children.  Tylenol is the manufacturer's proprietary name for Acetaminophen. There is a generic form of Acetaminophen that is also sold over the counter, and this version is much cheaper than "Tylenol", and the container usually contains more tablets/pills, etc. The generic form of Acetaminophen is just as effective as Tylenol, just cheaper priced.  Sometimes Acetaminophen is combined with other medications for dual action. For example, Tylenol PM has diphenhydramine (the active ingredient in Benadryl), which causes sedation and acts like a good sleeping pill. Diphenhydramine also is an anti-histamine, so it work for itching and allergies too.  Tylenol is packaged in different strengths: Extra-strength at 500 mg per tablet, Standard (325 mg per tablet), and children's dose of 80 mg. Tylenol may also be packaged in a timed-release version, called "extended release". Rather than the tablet dissolving all at once in the stomach, the tablet slowly releases acetaminophen throughout the digestive tract.  All in all, Acetaminophen is a great product. If you want a "name brand" of Acetaminophen, Tylenol is your brand (although it will cost more). My choice is to by the generic brand as it is cheaper by the dozen.   Jim "Konedog" Koenig 
This thing messed up my back.  It is extremely uncomfortable and I can't see anyone liking the feel of it.  Furthuremore it smells terrible.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT - YOU WILL REGRET IT.  (shipping wasn't bad 
I bought this from QVC.  It will do the trick for quick touch-ups - not close hair removal, but close enough.  Unfortunately, mine is barley operating anymore, even with a fresh battery.  I'm not sure why the motor seems to be dying.  Maybe the life of the trimmer is not that long.  As a result, I think it would be better to buy a cheaper one since it should work just as well 
I bought this from QVC after I had to send back a Braun Silk Epil. The epilator really irritated by skin caused major bumps and redness. Waxing just hurts too much and is really messy. This sounded ideal I just wanted to have a smoother look on my cheeks, and upper lip. It trims down your facial hair however, the next day you will notice stubble. You have to really look close to see it, but you can really feel it. You might as well shave. I have not used the brow attachment, I saw the demo on QVC but am afraid I will shave my brows off. Would love to know what others think of this item 
This hair dryer was purchased as a Christmas gift to replace one we have had for several years.  I could not locate one locally so I order from Amazon. The dryer only worked for a few days.  Nothing I do will make it work again.  The reason I have not retured it is because the postage cost would be so much. 
This is an inexpensive scale for measuring weight and body fat.  The only problem is it doesn't do either one too well.  The weight measurement gives a different answer every time you step on it, even if you weighed yourself just a minute before.  I was never able to get the scale to measure my fat percentage or give me any other reading besides an error.  Maybe my skin's too thick, or maybe the electrical charge it tries to send through your body is too weak.  It's also inconvenient to use.  To get your weight, all you have to do is step on it.  To get the weight and fat reading, you have to hit the power button multiple times to cycle through all the settings, then step on the scale within 5-10 seconds to avoid it turning back off 
Nothing but problems with unit since I received it.  Either it did not work when I went to use it or it had lost its memory and had to be recalibrated all over again.  Never had the same weight reading twice! The only reason I rated it with 1 star is because it would not let me enter anything less 
You could get the same info on "percentage" of body fat by going online. Think about it: how does a scale "measure" your body fat? Good question. So I went to the website of the manufacturer and...surprise, surprise...there were no details about HOW this worked. It did, however, note what it was SUPPOSED to detect and how that might connect to body fat.  The scale supposedly measures something called "electrical impedence" which sounds pretty complex but really isn't all that hard to understand. All it means is that the more fat you have in your body, the more "impedence" you have and the higher the body fat reading. Electricity doesn't flow as well through fat and the scale is supposed to detect that.  BUT HERE IS THE CATCH - getting an ACCURATE body fat measurement can not possibly be done by just stepping on a scale, especially if the consumer (buyer) of that scale doesn't understand the factors that are VITAL to an accurate measurement. What you have in your body when you step ON the scale is one vital factor.   Here is just one example of how easy it would be to get a bad reading:  If you are dehydrated from not drinking enough water or, conversely, you are OVERhydrated from drinking too much water or you haven't measured your body fat within a certain amount of time AFTER exercise or you've been standing too long or you've eaten recently.....you are very likely to get an inaccurate reading and you'll be confused by the variation in readings from one day to the next, not knowing WHAT factor or combination of factors is affecting your reading. Even worse, you'll have no real idea of your body fat.  From what I've seen, these scales do provide accurate weight measurements.But when it comes to measuring body fat,the ads or website do not seem to indicate that you can get an inaccurate reading if you step on the scale at the wrong time of day, too soon after exercising, if you are thirsty, etc.  So save your money.  If you are working out regularly, eating right, getting in shape, etc....odds are that your body fat is dropping and you'll see signs of this. You don't need this scale to prove it (although you might consider it worthwhile to discover your actual body fat some other way).  Signs of reduced body fat are firmer muscles, looser clothes and (often) a more streamlined figure. Your metabolism is likely to be more efficient, assuming you don't overeat too much. If you absolutely HAVE to know your percentage of body fat, just ask your local physician, trainer or gym director how to get an accurate assesment and when to do so. If you workout regularly at the suggested or peak training level, your body fat should go down, assuming you don't compensate by eating too much.  So don't count on this scale to give you the consistency or quality of a detailed and CONTROLLED body fat measurement. It won't. 
At Christmas 2003 I was very excited with the $50 scale my family purchased for me. It worked as advertised for about six months. Then it displayed the ERR message more and more. We replaced the battery. Then it would not permit any function buttons to perform. We just sighed and used my expensive gift as any $7 bathroom scale. When it went completely blank this week, battery of no use, I hopped on the internet to see what anyone else's experience is. To be fair, I will contact the manufacturer and see if they can make it right. I hope they can. If not, I will see what the Weight Watchers scales is like. Sigh ... 
After reading several comments I tried to proof my scale is working properly. However, like someone else wrote the scale is not consistant. I weight myself several times and noticed very considerable diferrences in readings. Like some one else I even tried placing an additional amount of weight in my hands. The scale gave me several readings for the same amount of weight. Now! A digital scale is supposed to be percise.. 
First of all, the battery that was supposed to be enclosed was not. When I bought a 9 volt battery and installed it, it would not stay attached when putting it back in the battery compartment. Finally, I got a read out, and entered my height and age. Then I stood on the scale and got nothing - no weight, no body fat, nothing, but the word ERROR, at which point I boxed it up and sent it back for a refund 
I bought a pack of 3 and used twice daily in the shower to try and clear my oily skin problems. This product left my skin dry and sometimes peeling.  Did not work for me, but it might work for you 
I used it one time, placed it on the charger and it never worked again.  Now I face the added expense to pack and ship back for warranty repair.  Not happy with my internet purchase from your company. 
I know that this product works for some, but for me it did not. That is why I decided to return it. Wahl makes great products, but this product was not for me. My skin was too sensitive and the machine irritated it. 
I had this for about 2 years, and was not impressed.  It worked for a month or so, and since then, does nothing.  If you fill it up with water, and then plug it in for several days, the water level never goes down.  I've tried cleaning it repeatedly, and tried various things to make it work, but apparently it's just dead.  It was a cheap product; you get what you pay for 
I just bought this small fountain for my office at work thinking that the soothing sound of water would be a nice addition.  However, after setting it up, I added the water and the waited and waited and waited to hear the cascading sound of water.  No cascading sound.  I added more water -- nothing... I added less water -- absolutely nothing.  The design is built such that the water moves down without making any noise.  It is useless from that perspective... plus, you can tell it is made of plastic so it isn't really that nice to look at either.  I would definitely not buy this again and am contemplating getting rid of it after 1 week of use 
This item is more of a foot and ankle massager if you have long legs.  I am tall with a 37" inseam.  This item is not made for someone who has longer than "average" legs unless you're looking for a foot and ankle massage rather than a calf massage. 
This item is very heavy and bulky.  Descriptions give you the idea that your feet will endure the "kneading" action as well as your calves; however that is not the case.  Your feet only rest on these two painful round balls that only vibrate should you wish them too.  The "kneading" pressure can not be regulated, only the speed.  The "kneading" pressure is VERY intense and can be very uncomfortable at times.  If my massage therapist ever worked like this I would fire immediately.  I tired to like it, however quickly returned after a few days 
If you get it wet it stops working, which is quite ironic given its a toothbrush. If you want something to work for a month or two its fine, otherwise avoid it entirely. I intitally thought the water was effecting the battery compartment but after cleaing the contacts and replacing the batteries it seems clear to me that the motor fails due to moisture, pretty quickly after ordinary use 
I have bought this product and i have gained 5lbs. It didnt worked on me. I guess you just have to try the product. I just ordered hoodoba, on amazon and hoping that will work. Hoodoba has good ratings 
Since our bathroom cabinet is short on space, I loved the IDEA of this hair dryer! Unfortunately, the idea was more a fantasy than a reality. I only had this hair dryer for about a month before the cord-keeper button fell out (spring and all!) and the retractible cord stopped retracting. Since that was the only reason I bought this one over other models, I was sorely disappointed! Also, this dryer is so L-O-U-D that I had to wear earplugs (no kidding!) while drying my hair so that I wouldn't damage my hearing! Hands down the WORST hair dryer on the market 
It worked fine for 2 -3  weeks and then it would get about half way through blow drying my SHORT hair and it would just stop.  I had to let it rest for 10 minutes and then it worked again.  Gradually the time it worked got shorter and shorter and eventually it just stopped all together.  Very frustrating.  Go get a professional dryer.  it might cost a bit more but it'll work!  And probably for a long time 
I loved ths retractable cord hair dryer when I first bought it about a year ago.  Now it's starting to stop running.  It appears to be a short in the power cord in the inclosed casing.  When I'm using it...it works then it stops, then I shake it and then it starts to work again, sometimes.  My last hair dryer lasted over 20 years.  They just don't make products like they use to. For this price I shouldn't expect much.   I guess you really do get what you pay for!  This hair dryer is perfect to take on an airline.   If it's not allowed on the plane and they throw it out,......who cares 
I have used three of these.  The first two each lasted a year before shorting out.  I kept buying them because I liked the cordkeeper function.  This last one, though, shorted out and started a fire.  I have notified the company and will see what happens.  But I doubt that I will purchase another.  It's obvious that this product has an engineering or manufacturing flaw and should be pulled off the market. 
I bought this dryer to replace my 10 year old conair, when it gets hot it would stop.  Good thing I didn't throw it away. This cordkeeper only worked for about 4 months.  It is also very LOUD! ALmost hurt my ears to use i 
Having owned several Panasonic Wet/Dry shavers over a 20 year period I can, with authority, say that this model is a big disappointment. The battery life is outstanding, but that's because the motor speed is so slow it's not using much juice. And with the slow blade action the shave takes more effort than with a higher priced model with a better motor. The next time I won't pinch pennies; the higher priced models from Panasonic are worth the price difference 
The scale is already broken.  It just reads "Lo" when you step on it, and I just got it a couple of weeks ago.  It worked for about a week and a half 
The glasses are well made but I found them awkward to use. They didn't fit comfortably and it took quite a bit of time to get them on. The gimmick sounded cool but didn't work well for me. Every head is different, so maybe they'll work better for you 
This one is too small for a bedroom, just like a toy.  I returned this one and reordered Sunbeam 701-000 Ultrasonic Humidifier, which is much bigger.  Generally speaking, the ultrasonic humidifier is much quieter than the regular ones 
I bought this scale as an upgrade from a Wal Mart cheapo scale.  Hated it!!  I should have read the dimensions more carefully, but it was so large that it became the focal point of our bathroom.  Worse still, it never displayed the same weight twice in a row even when second weight was taken immediately after the first.  Had to reset it to zero and then the same drill happened again.  Returned the item, but ate the $11 return ship fee  - it's huge AND heavy 
when i first stepped on the scale i thought i lost 10 lbs. but after reading other review i realize the scale  is off up to 9  lbs. also this is a big scale. too big to store in the bathroo 
These wipes clean well.  They arrived promptly.  They stink something fierce.  I cannot stand the way they smell. 
Did not work at all. I used cheaper products that I bought from walgreens and walmart that reduced the razor bumps but not completely eliminate them. Since Princereigns promised to be a miracle product, I bought it in hopes of completely eliminating the bumps but it did't even reduce them. Complete waste of money 
Sturdy enough for the price, but no power.  Replaced original battery with a new duracell.  Still fuctioned like the battery was drained.  Like I mentioned before, what do you expect for the price 
I got this product after seeing the ads on tv for possibly the hundredth time.  I need to clean dirty fingerprints off my cabinets.  I opened the package.  Followed directins exactly and got nothng for my troubles.  I used the first sponge in the package.  It got less than half a cabinet door clean before it started breaking apart in my hand.  I was willing to accept that the first one was possibly defective but not the second one.  It cleaned an area smaller than the size of a quarter before it started coming apart in my hand.  I wasn't even pressing very hard.  I'll stick to my sponges with the scrubbing pads for cleaning my cabinets and other things around my house.  I'm a little ticked that this didn't last for one good cleaning let alone one good minute. 
This wasn't actually a card game. It was more of a book of 88 tear out sheets with one game each. They is no way that this can be played as a card game. The box doesn't even indicate that it's a card game. I thought this would be a fun card game for my husband & daughter to play together. You can purchase magazines with more games for less price. I wouldn't recommend this product unless you would like an overpriced book of sudoku games. I'm returning it & buying an electronic version for husbands PDA. The price is about the same. 
I bought this for my 2 yr old daughter.  I was so surprised at the quality for Little tykes.  It has no storage and the refridgerator door would not stay closed.  I think it should cost half of what it does.  I purchased the Step Two kitchen when my daughter was three, and it is way better by far 
I bought this for my 5  year old daughter and we tried to take very good care of it.  Within a few days of careful use, one of the latches bent, a hinge broke off and a piece of the edge came unglued.  It is a great idea, but needs better construction.  On a positive note, my daughter loved it and would have spent hours drawing and creating with the tools inside if I let her.  However, I had to take the box away so further damage does not occur before I can fix it.  The drawers work fine.  The problem is with the two doors on top that flip out.  Note about drawers; Little plastic door knobs pop out.  Need to be glued in. 
My daughter has an earlier version that the one shown so it is possible they have addressed some of these issues:  1) most games have a 1 minute time out which is really frustrating for my kids  2) "Oh that's not so good" - If I hear Barbie say that one more time I may just throw this thing out the nearest window.  My daughter will get a score in a game she feels really good about and barbie says, "Oh that's not so good, but you'll be better with a bit more practice"  This has broken my daughter down into tears more than once.  3) There are no parental controls.  I wanted to turn off or lengthen the timer.  I expected those sorts of features from Oregon Scientific.  Right now the most fun thing my kids do with it is play the Flower Fun game (like hangman) and type in "ICUP"  If you are looking at a newer version of this I would strongly recommend playing with a demo for a few minutes to check it out 
My daughter received this as a gift & we all found it extremely difficult to use.  I was not able to play most of the activities on the screens without first getting the handbook out & doing step by step which was still not very easy to figure out.  It was not at all easy for a child to enjoy.  There were very few activities my 6 year old daughter was able to understand & play. It is too advanced & difficult to use for the ages listed.  The screen on the monitor was low graphics & poor lighting quality as well.  This is a very expensive mistake that provided no benefit or fun to my daughter 
I am the mother of two elementary aged children who love art projects.  This was a Christmas gift and I was never so disappointed in the quality of this item.  It arrived with crayons broken and the ones that weren't, you couldn't even use on paper.  The markers are dry and caps don't stay on.  This is a terrible product and the price is ridiculous!!!  Definitely would be better off purchasing these items elsewhere!! 
The case is a CHEAPLY made box of wood that did not even survive shipping.  The materials contained inside are poor quality.  The rating does not deserve one star.  I returned it due to the damage sustained in shipping, but it would have been returned regardless because it is GARBAGE! 
Yum...play food! This is a great set. I will buy it as soon as I find it. This is a great set! Lots of cans (good for storage), ice cream, boxed treats, cookies, (yummy), and of course, much more. And who could resist the spaghetti with meatballs? And is that chocolate chips on the ice cream? Oh my gosh, it's better than I thought. You might think that to have a good time, your child needs 40 dollar Melissa and Doug wooden play food with real cutting noises and a Fisher Price 100 dollar kitchen for imaginative play. Bullpies, I say. I have tons of dollar-store food. I have ultra-realistic foam food from a kitchen set I got. I prefer the dollar store food. Dollar store food is better because it has more in one package, looks real, is cheap, pretty durable, and looks nice. I have a really silly play food set that came with a stovetop (small, but the knobs turn!), a pink and purple propane tank, a can of "barracuda" (seriously), and a can of "barracuda hash" which included barracuda, ham and eggs, chicken, turkey, potpie, and more eggs. But the logo has spam and a hotdog, and the front of it has beans, turkey, fish, sausage, and lots of weird meat. But it says "Eatable, 100% dainty, Present!, Daintiness, Dainty". Just wanted to let you know. So, bottom line is, dollar store play food is much better than you think it is. It comes with lots of things that the expensive companies would never have dreamed of 
It seems like a nice complete set of playfood, except that the boxes are really flimsy cardboard, and I've thrown most of them out already.  It doesn't take much to crush them.  There are much nicer sets out there, and there are separate pieces sold on ebay, that are probably used but will stand the test of your kids much better.  Not worth the money 
I was really excited about this toy because it was a stacking and sorting toy in one. And I love Laugh and Learn toys. I got it for my daughter for christmas when she was 16 months old. She never liked it. I kept it out and encouraged her to play with it, but she just really didn't get into it. Also, there is a sticker that goes on the bottom of the top pot so you can see the shapes through the holes on the lid, and the sticker shapes don't match the holes! Unfortunately, this toy was a big let down. 
I was so excited when I ordered my Star Wars Holographic Emperor figure. I'd been waiting for this exclusive figure be available for weeks!! When I got home today, the box with the Amazon logo was on my doorstep. Upon opening the box, I was completely disappointed to find that the Emperor figure I'd been waiting for was damaged since it was jammed into the box so that the backing card was crushed. The people packing this stuff are half-wits!! Anybody with a brain would know better than to  cram something into a box like that!! They should be ashamed of their service & to all you collectors out there....BEWARE!! 
This looks like such a great toy, and the packaging is really impressive, but don't be fooled like we were. I assumed that by paying close to 25 dollars it would be somewhat durable-just reasonable durability-I don't expect much from plastic toys...but this is really really bad. You might also think that paying that much would give you things like closable doors...you know, 99 cent matchbox cars' doors stay closed, but the space shuttle's doors don't-which limit it's "fun" factor. The "movable arm" is just a free floating plastic stick that simply is stuck into a hole..It doesn't even stay in. The "launch pad" and the fuel tank/boosters are down right horrible. They don't connect to the shuttle, which was disapointed all of us, especially my son. And it is so cheaply made, I really can't believe that it wasn't bought from the dollar store. My son was so excited for this set. But after playing with it for just a few minutes he hasn't gotten it out again. I would definately NOT recommend this 
My 2 year old son loves to "cook" and to serve Mommy and Daddy meals from his kitchen.  My only complaint is that it falls over easily and it seems we are often picking it up off the floor.  It isn't very sturdy, but I'm not unhappy with this purchase 
This game is for people to play if they're drunk or mindless...or in some cases both....it's completely pointless and uninteresting...if ur just going to play bunco to see if u can get 21 snake eyes you either love to waste time or are just stupid...sorry but i mean think about it?...why PAY MONEY for this when i can JUST USE DICE from OTHER MORE INTERESTING board games I already own? DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! ~*Even if you manage to make the game interesting by being creative and thinking a little...you still shouldn't buy it...b/c like i said before JUST USE DICE FROM OTHER BOARD GAMES YOU ALREADY OWN! 
My twin sons got this for christmas when they were 3.  They loved it!!!  The dog is so cuddly and cute.  They loved playing pretend with the accessories.  My only complaint is that within a day the latch was falling off, the syringe was coming apart, and the brush had lost a couple of bristles.  The boys had not played rough with it, it just wasn't the quality that I had hoped for.  It is a real favorite of theirs, I am just afraid that it won't last as long as their imaginations.  I think that with a few improvements it will be a fantastic toy.  A real winner for young children in the hospital. 
I bought this for my daughter for her 11th birthday.  After playing the game once, she asked me if I could take it back.  She said that the game was boring because it was so limited as far as what you could do in the game.  My daughter has always played a lot of "simulated life" video games (i.e., the Sims, Animal Crossing) and online games (i.e, club penguin).  I suspect this is why she found this game limiting.  Other games that she has played portray a more intricate "life" and therefore draw the player in to a greater degree.  My advice would be to consider what your daughter is used to before buying this.  If your daughter has no experience in these types of games, this game will probably be fine.  However if your daughter has previously played simulated life games, she will probably find this one lacking. 
I bought this for my nine year old daughter.  The game in theory is great, but ours does not work right, and the company is not real great to deal with.  I am still trying to get a replacement.  If the game worked properly, I would rate it 5 stars, easily.  Even my thirteen year old daughter loves it 
We were excited to give this to our 5 year old for his birthday.  After opening he loved the design and having his own cool looking notebook computer and was very excitied.  However the screen is very disappointing.  I can't even rate the games because overall I simply just can't see what is on it.  The product is relatively useless in a dark environment and dissapointing.  I should have gone to a toys r us and actually compared the product to other simular products.  I would suggest anyone do the same prior to buying it 
I bought this game for my new family for Christmas.  This is not at all the Game of Life that I remember playing for countless hours as a child.  First of all, my old game had all of the mountains, houses, and spinner permenantly attached to the game board.  With the new version, all of these things have to be attached with each setup, which takes about 10-15 minutes and they are easily knocked off the board.  Also, the spinner is hard to spin and frequently comes off of its pivot.  The cars are less sturdy and the people pegs do not stay in the car so you are constantly having to put the people back in the car.  Finally, the rules of the game have gotten more complicated and yet the meaning of the game has become more trivial.  I think I will put this in the top of a closet or in a yard sale and go find my old version of the game to play in the future 
We were very disappointed in this toy.  It does not spin fast enough to make the paint spray evenly over the cardboard.  My older children had a spin art toy that was great.  It made the most spectacular designs. This is not worth the effort or money 
What a disappointment.  The spinner just can't gain enough speed to do anything lilke what it is supposed to do.  Overall, it's  a cheap item with limited supplies for the $ 
This is more of a costume item for an adult or older child than a toy for a young child.  There are only two working buttons, one to open the visor and one that repeats a single message through a crackly speaker.  There is some padding on the top, but not enough.  The manufacturer acknowleges this by including a note suggesting that more padding be added.  Overall not a good value at all for the price. 
I've already spent way too much time trying to screw the basket in and hammer the wheel caps on.  What a pain in the neck. This was the most expensive cart and I can't believe it's taking this long to put together - not worth it 
I was really excited about this toy because it was a stacking and sorting toy in one. And I love Laugh and Learn toys. I got it for my daughter for christmas when she was 16 months old. She never liked it. I kept it out and encouraged her to play with it, but she just really didn't get into it. Also, there is a sticker that goes on the bottom of the top pot so you can see the shapes through the holes on the lid, and the sticker shapes don't match the holes! Unfortunately, this toy was a big let down. 
My 2 year old son loves to "cook" and to serve Mommy and Daddy meals from his kitchen.  My only complaint is that it falls over easily and it seems we are often picking it up off the floor.  It isn't very sturdy, but I'm not unhappy with this purchase 
My daughter received this as a gift & we all found it extremely difficult to use.  I was not able to play most of the activities on the screens without first getting the handbook out & doing step by step which was still not very easy to figure out.  It was not at all easy for a child to enjoy.  There were very few activities my 6 year old daughter was able to understand & play. It is too advanced & difficult to use for the ages listed.  The screen on the monitor was low graphics & poor lighting quality as well.  This is a very expensive mistake that provided no benefit or fun to my daughter 
My twin sons got this for christmas when they were 3.  They loved it!!!  The dog is so cuddly and cute.  They loved playing pretend with the accessories.  My only complaint is that within a day the latch was falling off, the syringe was coming apart, and the brush had lost a couple of bristles.  The boys had not played rough with it, it just wasn't the quality that I had hoped for.  It is a real favorite of theirs, I am just afraid that it won't last as long as their imaginations.  I think that with a few improvements it will be a fantastic toy.  A real winner for young children in the hospital. 
I bought this for my daughter for her 11th birthday.  After playing the game once, she asked me if I could take it back.  She said that the game was boring because it was so limited as far as what you could do in the game.  My daughter has always played a lot of "simulated life" video games (i.e., the Sims, Animal Crossing) and online games (i.e, club penguin).  I suspect this is why she found this game limiting.  Other games that she has played portray a more intricate "life" and therefore draw the player in to a greater degree.  My advice would be to consider what your daughter is used to before buying this.  If your daughter has no experience in these types of games, this game will probably be fine.  However if your daughter has previously played simulated life games, she will probably find this one lacking. 
I bought this for my nine year old daughter.  The game in theory is great, but ours does not work right, and the company is not real great to deal with.  I am still trying to get a replacement.  If the game worked properly, I would rate it 5 stars, easily.  Even my thirteen year old daughter loves it 
We were excited to give this to our 5 year old for his birthday.  After opening he loved the design and having his own cool looking notebook computer and was very excitied.  However the screen is very disappointing.  I can't even rate the games because overall I simply just can't see what is on it.  The product is relatively useless in a dark environment and dissapointing.  I should have gone to a toys r us and actually compared the product to other simular products.  I would suggest anyone do the same prior to buying it 
Great concept, but bad design. Both of my children have had one for a year. Due to the discomfort, they never use it! It needs to recline back further and the plastic is slippery making it hard to sit without slipping around 
I bought this Basketball hoop for my son who was two and LOVED to shoot hoops.  Great height for a small kid, but difficult to adjust, latch always got stuck. Also, after a few months, the latch broke right off.  Now I have a hoop that is too low for the basketball to be any fun for my son.  Now it is just a $30 peice of trash 
Yum...play food! This is a great set. I will buy it as soon as I find it. This is a great set! Lots of cans (good for storage), ice cream, boxed treats, cookies, (yummy), and of course, much more. And who could resist the spaghetti with meatballs? And is that chocolate chips on the ice cream? Oh my gosh, it's better than I thought. You might think that to have a good time, your child needs 40 dollar Melissa and Doug wooden play food with real cutting noises and a Fisher Price 100 dollar kitchen for imaginative play. Bullpies, I say. I have tons of dollar-store food. I have ultra-realistic foam food from a kitchen set I got. I prefer the dollar store food. Dollar store food is better because it has more in one package, looks real, is cheap, pretty durable, and looks nice. I have a really silly play food set that came with a stovetop (small, but the knobs turn!), a pink and purple propane tank, a can of "barracuda" (seriously), and a can of "barracuda hash" which included barracuda, ham and eggs, chicken, turkey, potpie, and more eggs. But the logo has spam and a hotdog, and the front of it has beans, turkey, fish, sausage, and lots of weird meat. But it says "Eatable, 100% dainty, Present!, Daintiness, Dainty". Just wanted to let you know. So, bottom line is, dollar store play food is much better than you think it is. It comes with lots of things that the expensive companies would never have dreamed of 
It seems like a nice complete set of playfood, except that the boxes are really flimsy cardboard, and I've thrown most of them out already.  It doesn't take much to crush them.  There are much nicer sets out there, and there are separate pieces sold on ebay, that are probably used but will stand the test of your kids much better.  Not worth the money 
My 2 1/2 yr old son actually loves this product but he loves to take it apart as well.  We tighten the little colored pegs and a few weeks later he's taking them off again.  So far he's brought me pretty much everything that can come off including bolts with small washers.  Thank goodness he's past the stage of sticking everything in his mouth.  Also like everyone else we've had the same problem with the chalk board scratching just from writing on it with chalk.  I've always liked the Melissa and Doug products we've purchased but I wouldn't reccomend this easel at all 
I purchased this coffee maker for my 3 yr. old son who loves to role play with the real coffee maker we have.  He was very excited about having his "own" coffee maker, however after only a few days it quit working.  The lights and sound still work but the water won't run anymore, he was very disappointed as this was his favorite part of the toy.  He still enjoys playing with the coffee maker so I will probably not return it because I think it would just break again and he has already accepted the fact that the water doesn't work! 
My mom says that coffee is bad for you and it makes your teeth yellow. Why would you want to teach your kid to drink coffee at the age of 3 
I ordered 6 supreme moo mixers. They did arrive before Christmas. I received 6 standard moo mixers that should have been priced lower. I notified the company of the error and didn't receive a response. Very disappointed. Shame on them. I'm a victum of bait and switch.... 
When i first got it i was sooo excited! But when i opened it, it had no instructions. even the 10 things to do with it didnt explain how to work everything. sure it was fun at first but then i realized, "how am i supposed to do anyhting?" the semi worst part was the stuff stunk. i got really nauseous when i got a wift of it. now i can usually handle smells but this was the worst! I got dizzy and almost through up! I wish i could have soaked everything in like bleach or sumthin just to get rid of the stench! I had to clean it too! i kept pointing my nose in the other direction and walking away for fresh air! I would not personally reccomend this. i ahve not been able to REALLY use it!! I dont no if directions was supposed to come w/ it or what but i can tell you that i was NOT pleased! 
Our boy doll arrived without a nose!  Fisher Price will NOT give us a new doll to replace the broken doll. Don't waste your money!!!!! 
I was rather disappointed with both Doll TV and the item.  The coin looks like it was made of cheap plastic.  I have toddler toys made of the same material.  The packaging is also very cheap and childish for a limited edition collectible.  I was certainly expecting a lot more for a limited edition replica which costs $25.00.  When I contaced Doll TV to discuss the item, I was told that this was "an exact prop replica of the coin necklace worn in the movie" and that they would refund my shipping costs if I removed my comments.  I didn't even pay for shipping! 
There is no magic in this wand. What appeared to be a thin wooden Malfoy's Wand, turned out to be a poor replica made of plastic.  My son was very disappointed.  He used his own hard earned money to purchase this item 
This is a very cheaply made reproduction of Malfoy's wand.  Whether you buy it or not probably depends on who it's for.  It would be great for a very small kid who will lose or break it, as it's cheap and made of plastic.  However for anyone else who craes about detail and feel, you might as well be waving around a wooden dowel 
I got this puzzle for my three children (age 5, 4, and 2) and within a day my 2 year old had chewed off enough of the little black rubber pieces that the toy no longer worked.  It requires two of them for the vehicles to make sounds, so removing one means it doesn't work.  The pieces are small enough that I wasn't very worried about choking, but why buy a toy which makes you worry?  We were really disappointed. 
I am now the laughing stock of my friends, why because I payed money for the lamest excuse of a 8 bit console tv plug and play ever.  My atari plug and play has better graphics and feel than this.  There are bars that have the projected GTEE screen that makes the game all most real I feel my little tv had to much resolution for this toy making it feel not so real in fact in two words "it sucks". 
The batmobile itself is nice and stylish for a boy who adores batman. But this same boy gets extremely frustrated trying to shoot the coin shaped projectile that it comes with. You have to insert it "just-so" to get it to shoot when you press the button and my son doesn't always do it, then I have to get a butter knife and pry it out so I can put it in for him. For 10 dollars it's worth it, so long as your child doesn't absolutely want a shooting batmobile.  PS. My sister bought the same one for her son this Christmas and is having the same problem, so I do not think it is unique to mine 
I don't know if we got some old box left over, or what. Magnets are so weak, that kids can't make anything vertical. They just collapse, and slide. If I knew of course I wouldn't have purchased. I got rid of the box, so I couldn't even return it. OVER PRICED BIG TIME!! 
This product reminds me of thick slightly mushy sand that you would play with at the beach except it comes in colors.  Playdough is much easier to work with if you want to build items/objects/shapes.  My daughter will play with playdough for hours but with this product, she lost interest after 10 minutes 
My son kept seeing the commercials for this doll and he wanted it so badly.  Talked about it for a month so we got it for him.  He was super excited when he got and and the thing didn't work.  It just randomly gives clues that confused my son the point of tears. He was so confused it would tell him that he was close to it, then say he was no where near it.  Then when he was standing next to it, it said he was no where near it. He was so disappointed.  He thought the toy would be able to play hide n seek with him.  We followed the directs and helped him play with it.  He's 4. ( He wasn't running around like crazy like another person mentioned was why it doesn't work for some kids.) I think this is a terrible toy and Hayley's now in the trash.  She's too cheap and junky looking to even save for my daughter as a regular doll to play with 
Not only did this phone not work, but the screen was really quite tiring on my eyes. The only ringtone that it had was a sound like beads being shaken up. The flashing light was distracting, and its features were extraordinarily limited! The camera option didn't work at all, and where the heck was the texting??? My parents bought this phone for me for my birthday, and it really made me mad!! I can see that this might be a good starter phone, but you can only get 0 calls froim it, and really limited reception in the mountains. Switch to a Razr as soon as possible 
My daughter just about flipped when she received this toy as a birthday gift!  So immediately after the party, my husband went aboutputting it together.  My five year old played with this for all of about 30 seconds before a piece came off.  We've had it for about two weeks now, and EVERY time you touch this thing, some peice comes off.  No one plays with it.  It's just too much of a hassle to keep together.   My advice - but something else 
My daughter really wanted the Cloud Kingdom for Christmas.  As soon as I saw the quality of it, I should have returned it but I knew it would break her heart.  It takes up a lot of room and does not fold for storage like most Barbie houses.  My daughter is very frustrated with it because the pieces do not stay together, so she hardly plays with it.  This toy is definately not worth the money.  I wish had read the reviews on this toy so could have bought her something that she could actually enjoy 
Bought this for daughter for Christmas, and when I opened the box and saw the cardboard backing, debated on returning it. But they love the Pegasus Barbies, so figured okay, let's try it out! Is really beautiful when all put together, and my daughter LOVES it! But, that stupid cardboard backing. Nope, no way does it stay on at all. Am going to tape it to the wall behind the playset, and it will be fine. Right now is just standing up behind the set. Really, couldn't they have made a plastic piece with a big sticker with clouds/pegasus horses on it that attached to the back? When assembled, the whole thing will fall apart if you literally move it a couple inches.  My 3-year old daughter understands this, not to move it, and so far she has been fine with it. I showed her myself moving it and it falling apart, and said see, don't move it, okay!? But when it comes apart, is very easy to pop the sections back together - which in my house, the kids play with toys for a while, and then I like to put things away in the closet for a bit - which this I can easily break down some of it to store, and then in seconds have it snapped back together again to play with. Yes, durability-wise is a piece of junk - but a beautiful piece of junk, and is worth it if your child loves the Pegasus Barbies 
This was very cheaply made.  I was disappointed in it's quality.  Also, it comes apart constantly.  All my daughter has to do is barely touch it and it comes all apart.  I am going to try to glue the pieces in place so she can at least play with it.  We have many Barbie toys and this is by far the worst I have ever purchased.  Not to mention that is was expensive!  I expected much, much better quality from a Barbie product 
I can't believe that they actually put the word 3-D on the box of this thing. How dare they advertise this as a fun and usefull learning experience. I wish I had read the reviews before I bought it. There is absolutely NO 3D value to this at all. They should have just made it plain 2D and then it would have been cool 
The slides are awful and repetitive.My son had to keep asking me what they were pictures of...and I couldn't even answer him.I think the only thing he liked was when I turned the unit on without any slides and the light projected onto the ceiling.He thought that looked more like a moon that the acual slide did.Huge disappointment!!!And the base of the unit is worthless 
First I would like to say that when I purchased this item it was advertised as the "Hobby" addition.  When I received it I didn't think it was the hobby set so I called amazon, the operator said she did not know about this product and provided me with the phone number to who sold it to me.  I called that number 3 times and left a message each time to please call me and I have yet to receive a phone call back.. When I gave this item to my husband for Christmas he confirmed my thought that it was not the "Hobby" addition.  I was not only upset that I did not get what I was looking for but that no one had returned my call 
Don't be deceived by the box: Dread Pirate LOOKS like a really cool game with exceptionally made components, but it is DREADfully boring to play. The game is slow, tedious, and completely luck based, and simply no fun to play. You have been warned 
Most of the other reviews for this toy are correct. when it works my kids love it. and it is pretty cool when it works. but it doesn't work very well very often. you need to find just the right car and everything needs to line up exactly. and even then the car crashes a lot. we have found one car (out of about 200) that works somewhat well. but even with this car the success rate is about 1 in 15. so, read the reviews and make your own judgements. personally, i'm glad this was a gift and i did not spend any money on it. my kids will still play with and enjoy it, but not as much as they would if it worked better 
No wonder they are selling a 30 dollar toy for 5 bucks, it does not work and the quality is sub par.  I have three boys so we get alot of hotwheels toys and this one is the worst I have seen.  Do not take if it was free.  Garbarge and disappointment await.  I gave one star because you have to, but I would give negitive stars if I could 
I purchased Crazy Croc even after reading all the bad reviews, but my son really wanted it so I bought it for him for Christmas anyway.  It was the worst gift i've ever bought....please don't even waste your money....trust me, check the reviews first, now that's worth it... 
Leave this one "on the shelf"!! A "Hotwheels" product which doesn't come with "wheels"!????!!!  Who would have thought at $25.00 it doesn't come with a car and then they have the nerve to make it not work with other Hotwheels cars!! This is a very annoying junk toy which was such a disappointment to my son Christmas morning.  I would not have been so disatisfied had I shopped on Amazon and got it for the price being offered now--$5.00!! 
Ho Ho Ho!! My 6 year old has been asking for this toy for about 6 months now and today he finally got it. He's had it for about 5 hours now and is already tired of it. We've tried no less that 20 different cars and have yet been able to get it to work. The only thing it seems to do consistently is play that obnoxious sound over and over again (if you know how to turn the sound off, let me know. I'm ready to remove the batteries or clip the speaker wire).  Do not buy this toy. You'll be very disappointed in it. 
Was a lot smaller than I expected. My daughter had to find a small doll to use that would fit. Because she couldn't use her best baby doll that she loves to play with she lost interest real quick 
The toy is a lure to a social networking website for little kids.  They play games against "friends", who are strangers on the web.  They "chat", but only with preapproved messages.  There is always a reason to come back to the website tomorrow and play some more.  I don't think teaching little kids to keep coming back to a website is particularly healthy.  I REALLY don't think teaching them to interact with strangers on the internet is a good lesson, no matter how sanitized the interactions might be on the Webkinz site. 
My one year old and I love these blocks.  They are light, soft and provide endless opportunity for imagination.  However, they are extremely expensive and of inferior quality construction.  When we opened the box, we found  that several of the blocks were not cut along a straight edge making them  difficult to stack.  Also, several of the identical shape blocks were not  exactly the same size leading to stacking problems.  One of the blocks was  peeling in one corner.  These blocks are such a great idea I find it hard  to believe no other companies are making them 
This is a piece of garbage. The balls deflate after a couple hours. The rim is so frail it won't hold up to much. My friend came over and yelled slam dunk threateningly at my hoop at which point I got in between them and the hoop and said this hoop was not for slam dunking. They correctly pointed out that it says "Slam Dunk Challenge" right on the back board. Don't do it - it will break. When I turned it on it kept score wrong and gave points for misses. So that function is worthless. The only reason I gave it two stars is that it looks kind of cool but will have to find a nerf ball. 
We just bought this for our 3 year old. I do not at all understand why it is labled for 5 and over!! Cute game idea- But this was not well put together. First I about died when I saw the super cheap, barely cardboard gameboard!!!!!!! It is a VERY small board, set up like a 4 piece puzzle, that I predict will barely stay together after a few plays. the jewelery, subpar.  the crown and rings are OK, the rest very cheap and plain.  But is serves it purpose just fine :). I give this low marks for educational and durablity. BUT the jewlery box and spinner are a nice & durable!! If they put the same effort into the WHOLE game it may be worth buying. My daughter DID enjoy dressing up and playing a game together so that salvaged a star for the game. 
i got my any farm last year happily i opened it....and took EVERY thing out in one load.i filled out the form and got my ants i decided to slowly put them in...outside!well 15 of my anties escaped and 2 bit me!!!after a good fight with them i got them in and brought them in.my finger was burning.but, the next day i woke up and ALL my ants had died that night.i was soo mad i threw everything away!*sings and skips off 
This puzzle (also known as Rubik's Revenge) is good fun - and because it has another layer of movement, it is much more likely to fall apart than the 3x3x3 cube. However, the puzzle of reassembly is also quite fun - and requires no force! A clue to reassembly - make sure that the last two pieces are the same colour edge pieces - and they will (very gently) snap into place.  A second clue: only the centre pieces (four flats pieces on each side) fit into the grooves of the ball - be gentle, and your cube will be as good as new. Start with the four centre pieces of one colour at the bottom - and build up the cube layer by layer. Remember! No force 
It's a pretty good toy but most people get sick of them as they get frustrated and can't do every side the same colour on each side. If you're ready for frustration then this cube is for you. If you are buyin it then have fun 
I "played" with this at a specialty toy store and was pretty disappointed with it. I thought I wanted this for my son after seeing it online but I'm so glad we got to try it at a store first. My toddler showed almost no interest in it. It looked hard to use and not at all fun. However, it looked like it was well made of good wood and with good stains/paint and finishes.  We've had more fun with a plastic food container that I cut a square shape on the lid and my son fills it up with his wooden ABC blocks. BTW, you can  do the same using matchbox cars, Peek-A-Blocks, etc. Just use a different plastic food container (yogurt, sour cream, powdered drinks, etc.) for each shape. 
I am not too happy with this item.  It has a handle, yet is heavy enough to hurt if a toddler drops it on their foot.  It is difficult to reach inside to get the shapes out.  And the vertical placement of the holes is difficult to use.  Other than that, it is attractive looking and constructed well 
My son loved this tent.  He fit perfectly in it and it fits inside his crib so he can sleep in his tent.  My only beef with it is that somehow he's bent the frame of it so now it doesn't sit right on the floor.  Actually it doesn't sit on the floor at all because of where it's bent.  The tent would be better made if there were a floor to it and some support (similar to what keeps the top portion rigid) at the base of it to keep the "legs" (there aren't any but that's the best way to describe them) apart.  The tent would also be better constructed if it didn't have one continuous wire for the frame on each side.  If the wire gets bent there's no getting it back into its original shape, unless you take out the stitching (around the WHOLE tent frame) and repair it then restitch it, but who has that kind of time?  Overall it's a fun toy for a little one but not a well thought out build.  I'm glad we got it as a gift and it wasn't something we spent our money on 
The fine print on the box tells you this is a "multi-terrain" vehicle, instead of an "all terrain" vehicle, this is because while they advertise it to go through sand, and grass, and mud, what they actually mean is that it will go through dry sand, such as you would find in a desert, dry grass, such as you would find on the african savannah, and dry mud, such as you would find in their fertile imagination.  Mine has shorted out and stopped working just going through dewey grass. 
My son LOVES to "drive" cars. I saw this and thought he would love it. It is totally unrealistic, doesnt make much noise (which for some parents that would be a +, but in this case its not) and it is not entertaining at all. Paid entirely tooooo much money for something that he will not play with at all. I have tried letting some of my friends children play with it, and they dont seem to enjoy it either. 
Purchased this item for traveling. Our son doesn't travel well. So we purchased this item for him and it doesn't strap on to the car seat like the picture shows. The straps are material and velcro on the ends. How do you attach these straps? So, now we just let him play with it being free. It doesn't attach 
I am so glad we tested this product ahead of time. As a rule we test all battery opperated gifts before we wrap them, these walkie-talkies worked for ab out 10 'feet'... yes I said feet. We gave them to my 2 year old grandson to play with instead of his big brother who got a set of Midlands. Don't waste your money on these.. 
I wish I'd read the reviews before buying this product!  I would have saved us money and aggravation.  I bought these for my son's Christmas present this year.  He was really excited about playing with them with his sister.  The problem is, we haven't been able to find one single spot -- inside or out -- where we can get reception on both units!  Even when you can pick up one person on the handset, the sound is so staticky and crackly, that you can barely make out what the person is saying.  What's the point?  My kids got so frustrated in the first couple of days, that they dumped them in the toybox and haven't played with them since.  What an incredible waste of money and such a let down for the kids on Christmas. It's pretty rotten that National Geographic can conscience putting this piece of junk on the market.  Don't make my mistake.  Heed these reviews! This is a must-avoid product 
We were very unhappy with this toy. The speakers were distored and the music sounded awfu 
My daughter got this for Christmas this year and almost immediately pulled off the top half of the Greg character on the keyboard.  In their defense, none of the other characters have come off so we will try to return this in case it was an isolated incident.  Other than that, she seems to like it.  She also received the accordian and LOVES it so I would recommend that over the keyboard 
This tractor is advertised as a great back yard toy but is geared to high for younger children.  My son, who is almost 4 is a very stong bicycle pedaler but he can not make this tractor move across the lawn.  It would be great if you have a lot a pavement to ride it on, but if you planning on them ridding it through the back yard, forget it.  This is an on pavement toy only 
Got a dud.  Lights flash (constantly) but not a peep out of it.  Has an email address, wrote for suggestions twice, also no response.  But the mail was delivered so I can only assume they're playing dead (or playing with one that works)!  Big let down 
This was a cute product, but only lasted a day.  Perhaps my preschool boys' punches were just too much for this bag.  A patch was included, but it seems that air is leaking from the seams.  Oh well. 
This Sudoku YD-638 puzzle is very hard to use. And I think of my self as a computer geek.  To make matters worse the instructions are very poor. They may make sense to someone who has used this for years, but not to a new user.  Save you money to buy a different game. 
I recently purchased the deluxe version of yahtzee after enjoying the regular game for many years.  I was impressed with the gold dice and the dice cup.  Everyone else in the house not playing really loves the padded cup.  I was disappointed in the dice tray.  It is very flimsy and not properly designed.  It should have a rotator and be made of more durable material.  Also, the score pads that came with the game do not have a place on the back to tally player totals.  I felt ripped off when I discovered this obvious mistake 
This is fun and a good idea, but the quality of the stand and the plastic is very poor.  It fell apart the first time we had it up, and while you can put it back together, unless you want to be doing it every ten seconds, it isn't worth it.  The keyboard itself is fine. The microphone overpowers the keyboard music and has no volume on it, but the keyboard does.  The microphone stand is really cheap plastic and broke right away.  I would suggest buying a cheap keyboard and microphone and just using it on a table instead, or if you buy this product, don't expect to use the keyboard stand for long, but it can work without it 
Like others said the microphone stand broke very easily and the whole toy is not durable at all.  The legs and the stool do not stay together whatsoever.  My son has to sit with it on his lap to play it.  I would not recommend this toy to anyone 
I bought this for my 2-yr-old at a rummage sale. He loves it! But it's very flimsy, the microphone gives constant feedback, adn the volume repeatedly resets to a dangerously loud level. It was worth the $6 I paid, but I wouldn't recommend buying it new 
My son got this for his 4th birthday.  Moon Sand is a terrible toy--ugly and messy.  He seemed to enjoy playing with it (but no more than Play Doe), but the clean up is horrible.  The sand stuck to the treads of his shoes and was tracked throughout the house. 
My daughter received this for her 4th birthday and I must say we were terribly disappointed!  This "sand" did nothing but make a huge mess of our play room.  There was dust everywhere and nothing the kids tried to make stayed together.  UGH!  As it is "sand," when it gets on the floor, there is no way to easily pick up the pieces except with a broom or vacuum.  We put it on newspaper to contain the mess, but boy was that a mistake.  Wet newspaper and dry sand............  We're going to take it back and get some good, old-fashioned Play-Doh instead 
This product kept my 5-and-3-year-olds' attention for ten minutes, tops.  It does not look like the pictures in the ads.  It usually got stuck in the molds instead of sliding out effortlessly as it would appear in the ad.  It makes a mess, gets all over the place and truly does not seem to be much fun. It got put away in the cabinet and my childen never asked for it again.  My money is better spent on modeling clay or other arts & crafts types of activities 
I did not buy this from Amazon but sought it out here so I could vent about this outrageous product (that's 'outrageous' in its traditional meaning, that it outrages me).  This is two packets of colored dust, approximately the consistency of unmixed plaster.  Empty the plastic bags and the colored dust flies everywhere, mold it in your hand and it retains its shape for a few seconds before blurring and falling apart.  My wife and I repeatedly checked the packaging to see if we should add water or do something else to make this usable but apparently not.  The claim on the package is that it "Molds like Dough," obviously intended to remind us of Play-doh, but Play-doh is a clay-like material that retains its shape and can, in fact, be molded.  This material -- again attempting to compare itself to Play-doh -- states that it won't dry out.  Of course not!  It's dust!  It can't dry out, there's nothing drier than dust.  In case you're wondering I have no connection to Play-doh or its makers (I don't even know who does make it), I'm simply the father of a 3-year old who uses Play-doh often and hoped this product might be a workable addition to our playtime.  Wrong 
While my son enjoyed the illustrations anf fun content of the books in this set, I felt it was disappointing as a learning tool for beginning readers because it moves much too quickly.  The first book is just letters and letter sounds.  Very introductory.  The second book introduces three letter words right off with no transition at all like 2 letter blends.  That was ok to me since it was phonetic 3 letter words, but by page 2 we were already "leaping" to 4 and 5 letter words and by page 3 they were already introducing a sight word - "does" and a double consonant word - "cannot".  I thought the pace was frustrating for my son.  I was hoping/expecting a book devoted to just blends and/or 3 letter words.  Instead this program is organized by vowels with the letter a being introduced first.  I don't see that as a problem, but I was expecting more phonetic 3 letter words to start and introducing harder 4 and 5 letter words by maybe book 3 and sight words coming later, like maybe book 4.  Unfortunately, you can't see exactly what your getting until you open the box. Nonetheless, the audio is entertaining for children with music and humor thrown in and the reward stickers, poster, and ribbon are a fun way to recognize your child's achievement.  The practice game is basically just like the Word Whammer Fridge Phonics product but with cards instead of magnets 
just my opinion; but i have a hard time finding books to go with my 3yr old daughter's first leap pad.  she loves maurice sendak's where the wild things are and she loves many of the other books that go with the leap pad that is for 6mo-24mo age range.  i think they should have done a bit more research on which stories were associated with which leap pad system.  as for the pooh bear game; i agree; way too easy here; this would have been perfect for the leap pad made for younger children, and made a more challenging one for this level.  great idea; just not well put together 
Of all the First LeapPad books to buy, make this the last one on your list.  My daughter has NO interest in this one whatsoever! &#60;br /&#62; &#60;br /&#62; ( I have two friends who have said the same thing. 
I was really upset when I received this item. I had ordered 2 becasue I thought it was a terrific deal, but nowhere did it mention that you needed the leappad player in order to use it. I hate returning things = 
I had high hopes for this game, but played it with a friend last night and was appalled at the number of confusing questions and just plain incorrect answers.  For example, one question asks, "Which of these animals is not found exclusively in South America:  (a) chinchilla, (b) sloth, (c) guinea pig, (d) spring buck".  Ruling out zoos, my friend reasoned that since zillions of kids in the US have pet guinea pigs, the answer must be C.  Alas, no; the correct answer is "(d) spring buck" with no explanation.  Did they mean animals in their natural habitat?  We aren't sure.  The question is not clearly written.  Another question asks, "The word `berserk' is derived from:  (a) a Norse god; (b) the German for `crazy life', (c) a tropical plant".  I read this to my friend and said, "None of these is the right answer."  The word `berserk' comes from the Germanic branch of the language tree and means `bear-shirt'.  The game says the correct answer is "a Norse god.  In Norse mythology, the god `Berserker' always fought in a state of frenzy."  There is no such Norse god.  Who wrote these questions?  One of the aspects of trivia games that I enjoy is the prospect of learning something in the process of playing; this game concerns me because I do not know which answers are incorrect.  From a learning standpoint, the badly written questions and poorly researched answers make this a frustrating and intellectually dangerous game. 
I got this for my eight year old. Unfornately I read the reviews on Amazon just before he opened it, not before I bought it.  This is a great idea very poorly implemented.  I am completely dissappointed, and if I had not bought it at a final clearance sale... would be bringing it back.  My son's previous method of holding a piece of paper over what he wants to copy and then taping them to a well lit window is much better and cheaper 
After waiting for 1 month to get this toy I cannot tell you HOW disappointed my 7 year old daughter was when she got it. Absolutely this thing is a WASTE of money!  It is poorly designed and there is no way you can trace from it. The image is impossible to see with any amount of detail.  DO NOT BUY THIS TOY! I would give it zero stars if I could 
The game of course is great fun, but the 3-D is not worth the extra cost.  The kids get distracted by the slides and ladders and don't play the game.  They fight over which direction the marble should move (and of course marbles get lost easily).  How to count the spaces is not obvious.  I would just get the good old classic game if I had it to buy over again. 
The figure was sent back for a replacement because the legs did not fit into the body, it was defective.  The same problem with the replacement and it was returned as well. 
When putting together the mobile section of this item, I was very disappointed in its flimsiness. It looks like just a few knocks will cause the screws to break from the plastic. When I turned it on I was disappointed a second time, this time by the irritating buzzing sound that the mobile makes as it rotates. It's so loud you can't hear the music, which is a shame because I'm sure my son would enjoy looking at the moving lights. The third disappointment - the buttons are VERY hit-and-miss. Sometimes the music buttons don't work (the lullaby one worked eventually once I mashed it in really hard). That I could live with, but it's fiddling with the other controls that is really irritating. Control for music off, lights on/off and rotation on/off all seem to be tied up in two buttons. If you have the music and lights going, then turn on the rotation, the music and lights will go off as the rotation comes on. Then you have to press buttons in whatever order seems logical until you get them all going the way you want them. Please bear in mind I am NOT particularly daft - I managed to figure out my TIVO remote in a day or so - but the controls for this baby's musical mobile make no sense to me. I thought at first it was supposed to be deliberately challenging in order to stimulate 'baby's natural curiosity', but after two nights it really got on my nerves, and if I can't figure it out, I don't see how my one year old is supposed to. I can only think that there is something very screwed up with the circuitry in there. I'm not dismissing this item all together. The music is lovely - not too simplified and not too electronic-sounding. The Minute Waltz is particularly nice (I've noticed my son scans for it). The lights are lovely too, and do look pretty when they're moving if you can stand the buzzing. My son has come to depend on the music to amuse himself with as he falls asleep. BUT, if you buy it, I'd recommend testing the buttons and the motorized rotator before screwing the very flimsy mobile pieces together in case you need to return it. 
This appealed to me since I would be able to use it longer than the standard mobile, but it ended up not working when we wanted it to anyways.  I liked to idea, but just doesn't work.  This mobile constantly stops working (before the 8 minutes are up)...it stops going round.  The music continues & the lights are still on, but the base stops rotating, it seems as though it always gets "stuck" and we have to push it to get "unstuck".  We've changed the battery and that doesn't seem to help as the base keeps getting stuck, I contacted Mattel to get a voucher since it's been more than 90 days since I bought this, can't return it in the store.  (It's kind of big and ugly too, didn't expect that from the picture. 
The rechargeable battery lasted for approx. 5 minutes once fully charged.  After five minutes it did not have enough power to allow the air hog to fly. I would not recommend this as a buy. 
My husband and I just bought the Family Feud 2nd Edition DVD TV Games.  I have to say we both LOVED this game when it was first on (and on GSN as repeats) and I like the computer version.  We played this once by ourself and a couple of times with friends and we all have found that this game was boring & as someone said they can't believe they put this out.  If you are going to get this game then buy the computer version.  You have 5 rounds  Round #1 Round #2 Double Money Round Triple Money Round Fast Money Round  You have Team A and Team B.  If you get one wrong answer and you click wrong then it says go for steal. HOWEVER, you only get one X.  Per Guide...IF an answer is revealed that Team A did not have written down, they press Wrong Answer button and pass the remote to Team B. Team B now has the opportunity to steal the round.  So most of the game was passing the remote back and forth.  IF the steal answer matches any one of the remaining answers they steal the round (even if you-Team A had that written down) and takes the money for any answer the other team has answered correctly (even if they got 4 out of 5 and both Teams say have the same answer)  The game itself was simple and basic. There was no real fun to it.  We tried to play it with others and they said afterwards that they found it boring and not all that fun. One person said they would have more fun watching the game itself on TV over playing this version of the game.  You get two markers (red and blue) to write on the two wipe-clean score cards. The negative on this is that the markers do not write all that good on these cards even though they were meant to.  Another thing is that the same game will come up more than once. We had the same question and answer come up even though we only played twice.  This is the 3rd or 4th DVD game we have been given or bought. This is the only one where we disliked it so much after playing it a couple of times that we are giving it away as we will not be playing it again 
This is the first time I'm writing a review of anything on Amazon.com, but I need to warn people about this game.  It would be great except for 2 problems: 1.  It skip excessively. 2.  There is no way to easily skip past games that you've played.  So once you've taken out that DVD, put it back in and you'll recognize the questions -- you've answered them already!  Not recommended.  If I could give it negative stars, I would.  However, Amazon makes you give it at least 1 
I got this product for my daughter.  The password feature was difficult to program and the voice recognition was so precise it was almost impossible to reproduce the right voice inflection and pattern for the journal to recognize.  My daughter often could not make the journal open. After a frunstrating week or two, she stopped playing with it altogether 
The Pixar Cars characters from Mattel can be purchased from Target, Walmart or Toys R Us for around $3.50. Don't be taken in by these rip-off merchants. These are not in short supply and can be found with patience 
I couldn't wait to get this for my 18 month daughter.  Much to my disappointment, I get it and it doesn't work.  I returned it and received a replacement.  That one also didn't work.  I am in the process of returning it and won't ever buy from Amazon.com again 
If you're a fan of the evil child-killer Mr. Fred Krueger, then add this item to your collection as well. You can always trust NECA to provide with great horror movie replicas. The figure is based on his latest entry; Freddy VS Jason 
Doesn't fit well on my son's wrist. It is difficult to close, and when worn the thumb trigger only works 10% of the time. I think he's played with this once since getting it for Christmas. 
My son was excited to get this for christmas.  After we opened it and put it together it just never worked the way it was designed.  The arrows launcher never held the arrows.  As soon as you tried to load them they would fly out.  The shuriken launcer was cumbersome and difficult to use.  He pretty much gave up on it after a few days and now it's gathering dust in our closet. 
We are very disappointed in this product we purchased last summer.  We constantly have many kids and adults of all ages over to our house because of our swimming pool and I don't think we have found one person who has done more than try it once then walk away.  Also it is difficult to find the right size to hang it becasue of different sized people using it.  Not recommended 
I bought this gift for my daughter for Christmas.  It does not work at all. It sounds like a cheap transistor radio when you attempt to adjust the knobs.  I'd like my money back 
This is the first time I have been truly disappointed in something I have gotten through Amazon, much smaller than it looks in picture, if it was five dollars it would be too much, too late now to do anything for Christmas,just not worth it at all............ 
the paint brushes are so stiff that they do not even catch the paint when you dip them and then they do not bend to meet the paper they poke the paper- I threw them out after one use 
This toy barely gets used in our house. It has a very low to the floor design, my 18 month old daughter has to hunch just to play with it. The sounds and characters are cute, but clunky and not very realistic. I am very dissatisfied with this purchase, not worth the investment. If you are looking for a fisher price doll house for your youngster, I would suggest checking out: Fisher Price - My First Dollhouse. It has a higher design with more realistic characters, not so clunky. I wish we would have purchased this one instead 
I just recieved a Fisher Price magazine in the mail and thought this product would be a nice Christmas gift.  I was thinking that Amazon would have a good price, but they are almost double what Fisher price is asking.  If you go to Fisher Price's website this item is only $33.00 + $7.95 shipping and handling. 
I just ordered the world of little people sweet sounds from amazon. I haven't received it yet. I paid $200.00 for it. Now I can see it's selling for $139.00. I've also seen it for $32.00. What's going on. Is there a difference in sets? I'm not sure, but I think I acted too quickly. Can anyone tell me if there is a difference in the doll houses? Did I make a big mistake 
Fisher Price is selling the same item for only $33.  $139.99 has to be a mistake 
I got the baby alive Hispanic doll for my daughter for Christmas. I opted for the Hispanic doll becuase I thought my daughter would learn a bit of the two languages as we speak French primarily in our home.I must have received a broken doll because our doll is nothing like the description. She does not speak English at all...you can press her bracelet a million times and no English. And when she does speak, her English is slurred and unintelligible. We have contacted Amazon several times and have had them decline a return. After 2 months, we are still wiating for her to eat and fall asleep. VERY DISAPPOINTING! Would not recommend at all!!! The reason that this rating received one star is because my daughter loves her death even though she does nothing 
There are lots of little pieces, and the rules are a bit complex. I played it with my nephews ages 7 and 5 and they both had a hard time staying interested for the length of the game. However they have both asked to play it since, so they must like something about it : 
I purchased bean bag toss for my four year old grandson, it was his birthday, it was absolutely no challenge - no fun and required absolutely no dexterity.   very very disappointed, if it was possible to return it I woul 
I bought this table for my almost 8 month old who is starting to pull up on things.  I thought this would be safe for her to learn to stand with because it has hand grippers along the sides of the table (just for that purpose) and is recommended for ages 6 months+.  All of the fun shapes, colors, and sounds immediately caught her attention.  She cawled over to it and when she tried to pull herself up it fell over ontop of her.  She bumped her head and cried, but fortunately, wasn't hurt.  I put a rug under it thinking maybe that would help make it more stable, but as soon as she tried to pull up again (within 5 minutes of taking it out of the box) it fell over on her again.  The top of the table is very heavy, but the legs are not very sturdy, making it topheavy and easy to topple.  Needless to say, I took it back to the store. I would not recommend this toy unless you only wanted to take the legs off and use it on the floor, or if you have a toddler who is very steady at standing on his own.  Personally, I think the recommended age should be changed for older children or this toy should be recalled and the legs redesigned. 
My 10-mo-old son showed no particular interest in this "table". I did not like it much either. Why would a 10-mo-old show any interest in table items that sing? I have left it without legs. Two minutes after I installed the legs my son nearly fell with the "table" on his face. Had to uninstall them. Not good for active infants. Also not very entertaining. Buy the one from Leapfrog but still be careful when you have installed the legs because they say that that one is higher than this (might have more balance though but I do not know for sure) 
Our 7 yr old daughter was given this last Christmas.  It is awkward to use and the motor didn't seem to have the power needed to turn the wheel when the clay was on it.  She ended up using the clay and molding it by free hand.  It now sits in the corner of her activity table and isn't used at all. 
As in my title I have mixed feelings about this toy. My children both have the original color version of the VideNow. I thought I would upgrade them to the newer version. They have a cheap feel to them and don't seem to work very well. In fact one is going back to the store next week for a trade in. There is a lock botton that freezes the bottons so you can't accidently turn off while watching. But it seems like the buttons freeze up on their own quite often. I can see why the batteries go dead quickly because if a child can't turn off the unit it just gets left on! I am very dissapointed in this. The kids really enjoyed their Color versions and I feel I shouldn't have gone to the extra expense to upgrade them. However, even with it's faults my kids still enjoy them. My kids don't watch a lot of TV and prefer the shorter pvds to the long Dvds. I prefer that too. That way I can say they can watch one show and know they won't be watching for an hour or more. If you are a parent thinking about purchassing one- keep you receipt in case you need to exchange and carefully think about how your kids will be using it. If your child is easily dissapointed by items that may not work properly this may not be the item for you 
Who cares what the commercail says. It is not an Widescreen. Man, a 3 inch screen? Great, my PSP screen is bigger than your's Tiger Electron-poop. The discs are only 30 minutes long? The discs for the PSP is an half gigabite. DO NOT BUY THIS WASTE 
Please. These things SUCK. Oh, wow! Its got a 3 inch screen!! Big deal! My portable DVD player is 10.2 inches; almost tripple the size of this! The quality is pixely and crap, and you have to buy the stupid "Video Now" Pvds. $14 for, what? 6 episodes? Oh, thats so cool, as in not really. Trust me people. Stick to portably DVD player. Yes, they are very expensive, but they will last twice as long. If you want a really good DVD player, buy the 10.2 inch Insigna Portable DVD. Yeah, its $260, but it is worth every penny. So, all in, if you are gulliable, and like blowing your money on a device that is better left in the store, buy this! But, if you are like me, stick to DVD players. 
Who would sell an r/c toy car that runs backwards continuously?  It was a big disappointment for my granddaughter.  Tyco's Lighting McQueen was greeted with glee when it was unwrapped, and found its way to the trash with the day's wrapping paper.  POS 
This game is heavily developed based on the actual movie.  If you haven't seen the movie, and/or your kid was too young to understand the plot, then they might not get the game.  Most of the adventures are based on the story plot.  A lot of the adventures are a bit dumb, like McQueen bumping alphabet tires into a truck, McQueen tipping over the tractors based on counting smoke rings, McQueen herding the tractors back into the pen, McQueen driving down a long road and picking up shapes, McQueen driving down a road looking for Mack based on memory, McQueen dodging the firetruck water blast, etc.  The only adventure I liked was the forklift picking up tire numbers (odd vs. even) and installing them on the race car.  Don't buy this game unless your kid is obsessed with Cars 
I bought the race cars to go on the speed and go racetrack.  After shaking the cars, they do not even go around the racetrack once!! My boys still love the cars becasue of the way they look and the noise that they make. And boy do they make alot of noise! They love to push the cars around the racetrack.  It frustrates me becasue I bought several of these shake and go racecars that do not go around the track and use alot of batteries 
I had a feeling that this toy would be trouble when I saw the delivery guy walking up to our front steps with a weird grin on his face.  Evidently, the box had been vrooming, vibrating and shrieking throughout his rounds, and he was only too glad to end his term as its temporary steward.  My two-year-old has largely lost interest in this toy; he doesn't mind the shaking and noise, but more often than not it just vrooms and then doesn't go anywhere.  My advice: buy Matchbox, or Hot Wheels...or something more reliable with volume control. This will probably be in our next load of donations...thrift shoppers beware. 
HI.everyone gues what i went to toys r us and amazon.com and i saw these hamsters. i thaught they were just too tenderly sweet for me. so i asked my mum over like abillion times. Can i get this mom no she said.2 minutes later can i get this mom no she said AGAIN.then i really started begging her that she just suddenly agreeed. now just remember don't always beg your parents cause the secret is if you ask your parents once and they say no then be really good for about a week and then they might surprise you with you'r special tenderly sweet toy. so now remember i am and always will be raiting  5 stars. so just please try to test this. boys might even like it. if you listen to me and get it you can/could still return it okay BI FRIENDS!!!!!!!!!! you really did me a fauvor 
...doesn't make it a great toy. A lesson learned the hard way. This toy is unbelievably loud. So loud, my husband and I can't stand to be in the same room with our son when he's dancing (stomping) on it. So ridiculously loud, my son can't play with this toy inside at all anymore. Every time he moves, the songs start over. Grates on your nerves after the 5th or 6th stomp. What a disappointing toy. We've had it out of the box three or four times to play with. It is now hidden in the deepest darkest part of the hall closet until we make our next round of donations to Good Will. Save your money for one of the other good dance mat toys on the market. This one's a stinker 
This toy is the most stupidest thing i have ever had. The only reason why i gave it a one is because you couldn't give it a zero. First of all this thing beeps every five seconds. I swear even when im sleeping this thing beeps. It wsn't always like that when i got it i would bring it to school then everyone started getting one even kindergarners had one then the princble banned them because one third grader lost hers. During class kids would ask me do you want to connect? Im just saying this is a toy for little ones. This toy can also get repetative i mean its a baby then it gets a tooth ache toddler teen adult old person. So parents if your thining about buying this toy for your children dont because in about a month and a half they would probably stop using it. So dont buy it 
I couldn't agree more about this product. It's appalling how badly made it is. The concept is very cute - a toolbox that unfolds into bridges and roads for the small die-cast vehicles. My 2.5 year-old has a hard enough time dealing with frustration without this toy adding to it! The bridge on the right doesn't properly attach or stay up and the road pieces do not attach properly. It's also a battle to get the tool box to connect together. My son always wants to play with it, but I can't cope with his cries of frustration when it all falls apart. I think this toy will have to mysteriously "disappear" one night while he is sleeping. They should withdraw this rubbish from the market and refund us all our money! 
This product is awful, it won't stay together and is very frustrating to both myself and my three year old. What a disappointment. 
This is the best deck ever! But if you are looking for armed dragon LV7 go to soul of the deulist booster packs because this doesn't have it. But I love Red Eyes Darkness Dragon 
I absolutely love this deck.  I bought this along with "Zombie Madness" and the "Warrior's Triumph" structure decks.  They all rock,  but this is my favorite.  And for the guy who gave the Winged Dragon Of Ra tip, on the bottom of the card it says "THIS CARD CANNOT BE USED IN A DUEL". So even if you happen to get one [which costs a LOT] you can't officially use it. Overall,  this deck is very cool.  I love Red Eyes Darkness dragon!   P.S. For best results,  buy the Yu-Gi-Oh! deluxe pack for 20$.  It comes with "Dragon's Roar" and "Zombie Madness" plus two rare cards ["Rope Of Life" and "Armed Dragon LV7"]. Here's what they do:   Rope Of Life  PGD-105-Ultra Rare Trap Card: This card can only be activated by discarding your entire hand when 1 of your own monsters is sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle. Special Summon the monster just sent to the Graveyard in face-up Attack or Defense Position, and increase its ATK by 800 points.  "Armed Dragon LV7"   This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by the effect of "Armed Dragon LV5". Send 1 monster card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy all face-up monsters on your opponent's side of the field with an ATK equal to or less than the ATK of the sent monster.    Add this the deck for an amazing combo!  Start off by setting a Masked Dragon card in defense mode.  When your opponent destroys it,  use its effect to summon "Armed Dragon LV3".  During your Standby Phase,  Send it to the graveyard to Special Summon "Armed Dragon LV5".  Then use it to attack your opponent's monster which is most likely destroyed.  Then when you end your turn use its effect to special summon "Armed Dragon LV7" from your hand OR deck!  You now have a 2800 atk points on the field!  Sweet!  And its effect is soooooooooo cool. I put the "Rope Of Life" card in my "Warrior's Triumph" structure deck.  It helps out a lot! I hope you will make the right choice in buting this deck or the more preferable deluxe pack.  Yu-Gi-Oh! Your Move 
I purchased this item yesterday, also set it up as shown. There is a little plastic gray piece that sticks up and doesnt let the cars go through. We have yet also to get ONE car through. A huge disappointment to my son who was excited about it. But I called Mattel and they gave me a gift card for the amount i purchased it for. Great customer service. I think this product should be recalled because the cars do shoot back at you at an alarming speed. Hit my son in the head. 
We bought this item for our son's birthday. We assembled it exactly as shown in the directions.  The cars do not launch properly into the loop - we have yet to have one car make it through the entire track. Also, when you place cars to "launch" and "crash" they shoot clear across the room. One knocked our daughter in the chest!  Not worth what we spent on the item and we are finding ourselves increasingly dissappointed with Hot Wheels items. 
I have been searching for the perfect handheld sudoku game and this is not it.  I found it very difficult to see the numbers without a backlight even with my reading glasses.  Also I would perfer a stylus pen instead of having to scroll around the screen to enter a number.  I do like the idea of being able to use a dry erase pen to mark off numbers, but I couldn't even see those.  Still searching 
We gave this toy to our 4 year old son.  That was 1 1/2 years ago.  It worked at first, but the balls did not pop up high enough for him to hit.  After about 1 month, the balls did not pop up at all.  Little Tikes replaced it with a completely new toy.  Again, it worked for a few months, but now it does not work.  The beeps sound (a nice feature), but nothing happens.  My son has given up on the automatic feature and will sometimes use it as a t-ball stand.  Most of the balls are lost.  Thank goodness I only paid $10 for this on sale - but not even worth that much 
Purchased five of these sets thinking they would be fun stocking stuffers.  Wanting to check out what I purchased, I opened one of the five.   The geodes are tiny (not as pictured).  It was like breaking open dirt-clods... that have a small empty space inside... but not crystals.  Maybe it was a "dud" box, but will probably be returning the other four. 
Bought at Toys r Us for 8 year old. Had fun putting it together, and like I said it Looks cool.  However, you barely touch it while playing with it, and it falls apart. Even frustrating for a kid.  I would expect better quality for $40. Probably will return 
Here in America, Lindsay Lohan is what many call a conspiracy. Lindsay Lohan is NOT  a "beloved collector's item". She's a bulimic spoiled brat.  She's also, weird. MyScene has made the biggest marketing mistake of their life. Lindsay Lohan went from cute child star to bulimic brat in a milisecond. She thinks she can sing, and she can't. She thinks she can do a romantic comedy, and she can't. (Just My Luck, was not "lucky")  I bet not even a million bought this doll from a cheap knock-off of the Barbie line.  You'd only buy your child this doll if you want them to idolize a young woman who has thrown her life away 
Okay, the concept of this game cube is great, and believe me: you will spend many hours trying to solve this puzzle. Now on to the reality... I first tried this brain buster in the eighties when it came out. Upon its first release, the stickers stayed on, the plastic squares didn't break off, and it just seemed like a higher quality piece. I beleive the plastic might have been heavier. But now, twenty years later, the stickers peal off, the squares pop out. JUNK, JUNK, JUNK!  If this was made in the USA it would now cost more than it does being manufactured over seas, however ...it wouldn't be junk. You get what you pay for.  Stephen John Beccia Author of The Treelanders 
I had purchased two of these Smack and Yack cars for my grandson.  While wrapping them the night before I planned to give the gift, I discovered that they did not make noise as advertised.  If I had looked at them earlier, I would have returned them for a refund.  It's no fun to have grandchildren that are disappointed 
I asked my sister to buy this bike for my daughter for xmas last year - she decided to buy another one for my nephew also since he is the same age as my daughter (2 yrs old at the time). She bought the two bikes at the same time, same model, same color, same store. My daughter, who is far more coordinated then my nephew, tips over very easy, my nephew seems to do fine. My daughter is taller and that may be where the difference lies. Perhaps the height of the child using the trike is what is causing the trike to tip easily. Not sure - but I know I regret that she ever got the bike -it was a total waste of money 
I bought two of these trikes for my 19 month old twin sons.  Within the first 10 minutes of use, they both tipped over numerous times.  They tipped over when they were trying to use the pedals and also when they were just using their feet on the floor. Definitely not a sturdy trike.  My husband and I were very disappointed and returned them immediately.  In reading other reviews, I see that our experience with these trikes is not unique 
This bike may be cute, but it tips over too easily.  My daughter was on it for 10 minutes and she tipped over several times, then would not go on it. I returned it to the store, after reading on this site that it is obviously a common problem with this bike. 
I have a BIG Dora fan in my house & this was one of her first Dora dolls (last year). She played with it for the first day or two...its loud, very mechanical, not very appealing. The toy saw a rebirth in use when it was discovered that it she could make Dora dance & terrorize the puppy. The doll only does one dance, regardless of what skirt she has on now. From reading other reviews, if I pushed & held it while she was wearing it she might ballet, but not worth the hassle! Since then, my Dora lover has received various other Dora dolls, so we have a collection that sings, dances, speaks various languages, and the ONLY one she plays with regularly is the Dress Up Adventure Dora - she's more posable, does something other than sing, and you can change her outfits. Perfect for my almost 5 year old 
Loud annoying and entertaining for only a day.  I got this doll because my 3 and 5 year olds, both "had to have it".  They watched it dance for about 30 minutes and that was the extent of the play with this doll.  It isn't a doll that they can use imagination with, snuggle with, or any other type of constructive play.  A Dora video would have been a better choice.  At least their attention would have been captured for the 30 minutes and then they would have watched it again later.  In order to get the skirt to stay on (to change the song she danced to) I had to push VERY hard.  My kids couldn't do it on their own 
The NATURE'S FIRE VOLCANO also used to be sold at the Discovery Channel Stores. My kid loved it while it worked. Lasted about a month. All of the reviews stated the same on their site. Lasts from 1 to 3 months. Wish I had checked it before we bought it. Save your money 
I wouldn't waste my time buying anything from this company. We purchased the Train table for a Christmas gift and while assembling it on Christmas eve there were quality issues. Several drilled holes were not drilled in the proper position and the table surface had several deep scratches. I called and e-mailed the company several times to try and obtain replacement parts and never got a response. Most companies want you to contact them when you need replacement parts rather than returning it to the store, but not KidKraft 
My daughter loves the sticker maker but she used the cartridge in one day and still has plenty of stickers left to make and I can not find the refills anywhere.  They need to make the refills for these types of toys easier to get.  I am to hesitant to buy the bead maker now because of that and I know my daughter would like it but It's a waste if it's a one time use and upsets my daughter 
My daughter bought this with birthday money and it jammed on the first day she played with it. We can't get the sticker roll out and she is very disappointed. Don't bother with this toy. Buy a better one made for scrapbooking. The look on my daughter's face when this broke was heart-breaking 
I bought this toy for my five year old daughter.  Her three year old sister and her loved to play with it for about thirty seconds.  My five year old finally asked if it could go away because she was tired of putting it back together.  Her ponies now live in the strawberry shortcake house with her.... 
The stable falls apart and pieces are tiny. Big waste of money - Very frustrating. I'm considering supergluing it together - this shouldn't have been a problem 
The cursor is so minute it is difficult to see it.  Makes the game unplayable in most suitable environments.  Design issue could be fixed easily 
This Suduko handheld game was not user friendly. I returned it for a full refund 
This product is terrible. The very essence of Su Doku is logic & reasoning. This product leaves everything to guesswork. I returned it, ate the postage, & was happy to be rid of it! I then downloaded shareware from the Palm Store to my Palm Pilot for $10. Couldn't be happier 
My kids were getting very frustrated with the connections of masts and hulls.  They are very poorly designed and "pressure" fit to a point where they easily pop off. Both boats - the Royal Dutchman and Black Pearl - have poor fitting. Compared to lego, the ability for parts to connect and stay connected is extremely poor.  I plan to write a letter to Mega Blocks about this quality issue 
I could get the aircraft to pickup and eventually hover but there is no such thing as getting that thing to go in the direction you want it to. I put the aluminum weights on the nose to get it to move forward that way all I had to do was turn it in the direction I wanted it to go. It is very difficult and is no way as easy as it looks on TV. And I've practiced a lot 
I purchased the Havoc Heli for my dad. He saw an ad for it on TV and wanted one, so I was excited that Amazon.com had it for a lower cost and free shipping. However, that was as far as the "good" went. My dad was disappointed to find out that not only could the Havoc Heli not pick up and fly with the accessories that came with it, but it had a difficult time flying without any "extra weight". This helicopter has no risk of creating any havoc. But, it does make a cute little paperweight. 
The McQueen car went first. Motor sounds worked but no voice and rear wheel activation. This, after about two weeks of play. Then the King car stopped working. Same thing, no voice or rear wheel activation. The cars that came with the Shake 'N Go race track are holding up but go through the batterys. The cars have a tough plastic shell and alot of thought has gone into the details. One gets the impression of a quality toy when handeling it and they look good just sitting still. But, that is not what we get them for. 
I feel like an idiot, maybe I didn't have all the parts or something but I tried and my husband tried and my neice tried and my friend tried and my stepson tried and NONE of us could figure out how to get this thing together.  Since there were no instructions, that helped alot.  There was a picture but the hoops that went over secured to nothing and fell on the kid, making it utterly useless.  Though there were little things that appeared to attach to something, they taunted us and we tried and tried to attach this here and that there and maybe that will work...it was ridiculous.  We haven't had the issue with any other baby thing...not car seats, not the red wagon, not the baby gates, not the crib or the cradle...but this thing after several attempts we just took the hangdowns off and she played with those until the batteries died.  We sold it at a garage sale for a buck and felt like glad for it to be out of our lives and out of our closet 
This item is cheap and I don't mean the price.  It will not stay together.  The plastic frames do not attach well to the mat because it is held with velcro that keeps coming undone.  The arched bars are not bent enough causing one side to pop up off the floor.  I tried bending them myself, but they always return to their original shape.  Pay the extra money and get a better mat 
We just put the stupid thing together and put the batteries in and nothing worked.  The light would go on and off, but there were no sounds at all.  We made sure we had everything plugged in correctly, but it still wouldn't work.  After all the time of putting it together what a disappointment.  I will be calling Fisher Price tomorrow and seeing if they have any suggests and/or taking it back to Toyrus. 
We bought this for our granddaughter's 2nd birthday 03/16/07 and had the item delivered to our house a month ahead of time. We took the items to their house to assemble it.  We founds missing parts and 2 side pieces were the same, when they should have been"a" and "D".  WE got 2 "D"  pieces.  Part "Q" was also missing 
At first the case seemed like a good idea, but after the third use the zipper stopped working. Because the case does not stay open on its own, there is a tendency to push the case open and force the zipper backward and apart. After fixing it a couple of times, it is now permanently broken. Bad design. Perhaps Velcro would have been better here. 
This is a very cute and realistic set.  The measurements are all accurate.  The whisk is very DANGEROUS though.  It is metal.  One of the "things" came out of the handle and stuck out like a weapon.  One of the kids could have been severely injured had I not found it and thrown it away.  If you buy this item, make sure get rid of the whisk! 
We were unfortunately dissappointed with our purchase. We loved that it showed rubber stoppers for saftey and for our hard wood floors ~ they didn't come with it. Further, Melissa and Doug puzzles don't fit. 
I purchased this for my daughters 2nd birthday. Withing the first 5 minutes the back of the chair part for the high chair had broken off and would not stay on. The first time she went to take it in the bath Pooh's arm came off and will not go back on. I am just really disappointed that it wasn't anything as great as I thought it would be. I saw the it in the store and was excited that my daughter would love it, but sadly it was very depressing for both of us 
I bought this kit solely for the prism to show my kids how the light split into a rainbow.  The prism is such poor quality plastic, that the light doesn't even go through it correctly.  I could have made a better prism in my oven with plastic pellets and a form.  The sides look like a cake top that fell, causing the light to not go through it correctly.  The rest of the kit sucks too.  I put batteries in the flashlight and the plastic of the flashlight cracked and crumbled in my hand!  The cardboard cutouts are ok... if you want to pay lots of bucks for cardboard cutouts and the included soda straw. 
This stuff is greasy and hard to wipe off tables and fingers.  It's good for older kids who can keep their fingers on the paper but not good for little ones who smush their fingers into the wax and get it all under their finger nails on the table, chairs and walls. 
Although Crayola is a wonderful brand, I was not impressed with their Color Wonder fingerpaints.  The time between when my children put it on the paper and the time it actually appears is too long for them, and they get frustrated.  It is very hard to keep their attention long enough to make an entire picture.  Also, it is not "mess free."  The paints are very greasy and you end up cleaning it off of everything they touch (other than paper) anyways.  I did not like how mushy the paint was...I am still finding globs of it everywhere 
Looks great, but NOT worth the money.   My son begged for this toy - and it was a big dud.  Almost impossible to fly - I think once out of 50 tries were we successful.   Made out of flimsy material, it chipped and scraped right away.  Do NOT buy this toy!!!!! 
I was very unhappy with this product because the paint is chipping off the wood side-boards which is very dangerous for kids.  I was wondering if there was it possible for me to get new side boards for my grandson's wagon which I purchased for his 2nd birthday.  He is unable to play with the wagon because of the paint chipping off 
This product arrived with none of the hardware needed to assemble. The table itself looked as if was used or returned for being substandard. All in all, not a good experience. I will not purchase anything from this seller agai 
After reading the reviews on this table we thought we would gamble. We were very disappointed.  The packaging arrived torn and open in several places. Only a few screws came with the table, not that this made much difference as there were table parts missing too. The parts that did arrive were chipped practically in every corner and the paint rubbed off. Amazon were efficient in having the item picked up for return and refund 
I read all the negative reviews on this table and decided to go ahead and order hoping I would get lucky and not have all the problems the other customers had. DON'T DO IT! The table arrived poorly packaged and beat up just as the others here have described. One corner of the table top was bashed in, another piece of wood was split, the green paint from the table top rubbed off onto the white table leg, and edge of the other table leg was dented in revealing the plywood underneath the paint. This is a very CHEAP table - cheaply constructed of plywood. It is functional, but just not very attractive since it arrives already damaged. Just beware before you buy that you will more than likely be getting a banged up train table 
As far as I know there is only one tempo and one type of dance sequence on this mat.  No matter how much we play around with the different buttons it does not do anything different.  This was a big request from my 6 year old daughter for Christmas and now she hardly plays with it.  It entertains our 15 month old twins more!  Resist any begging by your kids for this item and buy something else, a CD boombox maybe 
Purchased this as a gift for my grandchildren....This is Boring and absolutely NO FUN no matter what your age.  I guess for almost $40 you shouldn't expect flashing lights or something a little more exciting. Doesn't even deserve the one star I gave it.  
We bought this for my son for Christmas, on the conditon that he never put fish in it, since the reviews said it killed fish.  That worked fine until he won a fish at the school carnival.  Of course it had to go in with the sharks.  So with freshly treated water and a prayer, we put the fish in.  The next day it was very listless and lying along the bottom.  After checking the reviews, I saw one where the person removed the fish and they recovered.  So we've taken the beta out and are waiting to see if it will survive.  I still would rate this aquarium 1 star for cool looks and lights, but it's very noisy and I believe it kills fish 
Followed all directions, added fish, within hours the fish were "sleeping" on the bottom of the tank. Luckily they had not entered the never ending sleep so I took them out putting them in a bowl of water and after an hour they started getting better.  Changed the water in the tank this time using distilled water, added fish, 3 hours later they were lying motionless on the bottom.  took them out and put them in another bowl of water and they got better. Something is seriously wrong with this tank.  Bought regular plastic tank at the pet store added fish and guess what... they are doing great!  Do not put fish in the shark tank.  They will die 
My 4 year son is learning about the fragility of life the hard way with this tank. Two Goldfish, two flushes. If I take the struggling fish out of the tank and put it in a fish bowl it seems to come around, but they won't last 24 hours in this tank. I've followed the directions to a T, Adjusted the pH, tried lights on lights off, pump on pump off, even used bottled water, but the fish just do a slow fade when in the tank 
I bought this toy for my shark-crazed 5 year-old... she was so stoked and we prepped the tank, added the recommended water chemicals and dropped in two small goldfish. Less than 24 hours later, they were dead. Repeat... 40 hours later... same story. We tried a single Betta, Frank, but less than 4 days later... he's dead. We don't know what it is. The water was tested, it's fine. We think it is the overall design of the tank, could the tight-fitting lid be responsible? Possibly ammonia by-product buildup from the fish? Who knows. But we have given up and are dumping this promising toy into the trash bin 
I agree with the comments about the taste and size.  Personally I think someone should look into the false advertising.  On the preztel kit, which is also a "4 pack", you only get two pretzels.  One of the packs is salt and another is glaze.  Then you get two packs of some pretzel dough.  These pretzels are not much larger than the ones you get in a bag out of the vending machine.  Total rip-off.  Hasbro should be ashamed of its marketing staff 
Horrible advertising on these packages.  It shows a huge delicious bowl of pasta when says 4 pack, but it only makes two "bowls" of pasta.  The servings are so tiny, that if you make both packets together, you maybe get a half a bowl of pasta.  Not to mention that it takes about 11-15 minutes to cook!  Pasta's so sticky you have to use no-stick spray.  The taste is so bad my son, who eats anything wouldn't touch it, and the sauce packet was hard as a rock, so it didn't mix up and left big chunks in the ketchup you have to add.  We tried the mac and cheese too, it takes 15 minutes to cook and again says 4 pack, but that's only 2 pastas and 2 cheeses.  Very expensive, hardly any food, and pretty nasty to eat.  They need to be alot more realistic on their packaging instead of trying to use false pictures and saying "4pack"  Eight thumbs down from this family 
The go-cart is much smaller that it appeared to be. My 2 year old barely fits. These is no reverse and it is a sit in toy. So the child has to get completely out to turn around, or you have to follow them around. The steering column is not straight so the steering wheel has to be sideways to drive straight. All together it is not a very impressive to. My daughter enjoys it very much but I should not have got rid of her Lil' Quad. 
We got this set for my 4 year old son for Christmas. His eyes lit up when he saw it. He dropped everything and insisted that we open it right away....we didn't, of course...we waited a whole day...thank goodness...it literally took an hour to put together. There are so many pieces that look alike but are barely different. It was very frustrating...then it wouldn't stay together once it was finished. It has been nothing but a frustration for him and me ever since. He gets so upset when he tries to play with it. We saved the box. It's going back, if they will take it... 
Santa got this castle for my five year old son for christmas. I agree with many of the other reviewers, though it is visually appealing it is very flimsy and was painstaking to put together. Despite all that my son seems to be enjoying. This toy is fun for the child but not for the parents.  
Our almost-4 year old son loves dragons and has one of the Imaginext dinosaur sets, so we thought we'd really surprise him on Christmas this year with the Imaginext dragon set.  While I'm very happy with how happy my son is with it (he's been playing with it for hours) I have a feeling we're going to be in much the same boat as some other reviewers.  Pros:  - Interesting color scheme - Good detail on most pieces - Re-configurable - The dragon figure is really neat - The trap door, rotating floor and other moving parts are a lot of fun for my son to operate - Got it on sale at the local Toys R' Us for 11 dollars less than listed on the web site.  Cons - The directions are picture-only, and much too small to see fine detail. - The pieces are not packaged together logically, so that the elements of the set are all in one bag. You have to open every bag and lay the pieces out in order to be able to find everything and even then there's some question as to whether you've got the right part turned the right way, per the above comment about the directions. - The whole thing comes tumbling down like a house of cards if you bump against it lightly/during casual play. I've had to put it back together no less than 5 times since I initially put it together this morning. Some of the connector pieces don't fit tightly enough into the sockets on other pieces, so they tend to just slide out instead of locking together firmly.  I think that next year, we'll just stick to Legos 
My son loved the toy and couldn't wait to get it opened, but the problem came when we tried to close it back up.  The treasuer box would not close back up easily.  I had to work at it very hard, my son who is 7 could not close it by himself.  He got pretty frustrated 
This thing just doesn't work, don't bother.  It won't stay upright no matter what you do, so there's no way for the kids to play any form of tether ball with it.  Looks like it would be fun if it worked.  The most entertaining thing about it was that the dog kept barking at it for some reason. 
I was very excited about buying this phone for my daughter after seeing it on the internet.  That was, until I saw it in the store.  There were about 5 in stock and not one of them was in full working condition.  Most of them had not enough power to play any sounds, while others had parts broken off of it.  Don't waste your money on this product.  You will surely be disappointed 
Not to impressed with this company. 3rd item I have bought and the table top had to be reglued and screwed. Also the table top had major horizontal cracks. I don't believe they check their quality of their products 
My twins loved the similar toy I bought at Dollar Tree. The one at Dollar Tree has a duck or pig in center instead of a red mass.  I cannot believe they charge this much for the same thing 
Last summer we bought two of these cruisers and both of them broke after only one month of normal use.  The water squirt function quit working after only a week.  My kids LOVED them, but for the price these cruisers are, they need to be built to last 
Yes i've just bought the videonow color fx and want more pvd's but they are kinda costly so i want to know is ther a need to buy this item?Can you burn regular dvd's to a pvd ?And is this going to be a wast of money?Is there any were to buy blank pvd' 
I ordered this item and was so excited. It loaded fine. It let me upload files just fine. It wasn't until I actually tried to create my PVD that I received errors that shut down the program (many many many times...with numerous types of video files) I double checked the system requirements for the software and my computer checked out fine. The worst thing is that there is no support for the media player. I tried contacting Hasbro with no response. I am so dissapointed. 
My son's best friend got one of those for christmas and we went to the lake to test it against my son's regular RC boat. The hovercraft was very slow and not quite that maneuverable. It hovered OK on water, but couldn't handle sand or concrete. The "skirt" slipped out of its track a couple times (despite our being careful fitting it as best as we could), filling with water - the foam inside it didn't prevent the boat from being swamped by the smallest wave (even in good shape it couldn't handle waves like the other boat.) The thin skirt finally ripped and the boat is pretty much unusable now. Big disapointment. It was somewhat fun while it worked, the concept was intriguing for the gearhead boys, but once the novelty wore off the regular boat was a lot more exciting and all the kids prefered taking turns running that one. 
Whatver your favorite fruit may be, this game will certinaly not be in your cadre of favorite games. It is basically boring, and ill-conceived. I have played it  a few times with my kids, and found it to be of no particular interest on any level-it is neither fun, exciting or challenging, for them or me. I strongly recommend you try a Cranium game , or how about CHESS??? The only positve thing i can think of with regard to this widly overrated game, is that it's better than TV, which isn't saying much 
I bought this item for my 6 year old niece.  Not only was i disapointed with how it physically looked (colors were not bright like other Cars toys), I was absolutely disgusted with the name calling in one of the sayings.  I realized when it called the tractor a negative name, stupid I believe it was, that it was going back.  I wouldn't want my child having a toy that calls others names, so I wont give it to anyone either.  Not to mention, the grammar used, is not correct.  I realize that is the character, but why would I want to teach children grammer that is wrong?  All in all, disapointment, that Disney puts out toys like this 
My daughter had a drink and wet doll that she could give a bath but it filled up with water and even though you couldn't empty all the water out, it still leaked everywhere. I got rid of it hoping she wouldn't notice. Well, she did, so a new "doll I can give a bath to" was on her Christmas list. I wanted to find a solid rubber doll that would not fill up with water. Like the dolls I had as a child. I thought this would be it since the top half visible in the box appeared to have no holes. Wrong. It has a soft torso filled with polystyrene beads that get waterlogged. The water all (I hope) drains out of the bottom of the feet after a couple of minutes of squeezing. Then you have to let the torso drip dry. Last night after bathtime, my daughter wanted to tuck her doll into to the doll cradle, but couldn't because she was still wet.  The other features are fine. The shower works great. You don't have to fill up the fish. Just attach it to the tube and squeeze. It suctions water from the bottom of the floaty. The doll doesn't sit upright in the floaty, but she doesn't flop completely over, either.  I don't care for the bow sewn on to the head. Who takes a bath with a bow on? But if you take it off, she'll have holes in her head 
My daughter wanted a doll that goes in the water last christmas.  I chose this one, and she was so pleased.  THe doll is beautiful.  She did not quite sit the right way in her raft.  Someone needs to hold the raft while the doll is in it, or it will tip. My daugther did not like that we could not just dry the doll off with a towel, so she could take it around the house with her, but that it had to hang and dry.   Still she loved this doll and it was her favorite, until two months later when the material around the leg wripped.  Instead of trying to sew it, I figured it was cheaply made and the rest would rip also, we said goodbye.  This year I am getting her another doll that goes in the bath, but I am getting the Paul Drink and wet doll by corolle.  It is a lot more expensive, but I think it will be worth it. 
It's a big nasty mess.  As big of a mess and disappointment as Floa 
The remote worked only for 2 days. My daughter loves the look of it so I am not able to dispose it off. Its a total waste of money. I wish I had read the reviews before buying it since lot of people seem to have the same problem with the remote. 
I agree with a previous review, this ball pit will NOT STAY INFLATED!  My kids had barely played with it and it started tearing and getting small, unrepairable holes in it.  This is also a very small ball pit.  It is too small for two kids to easily play in it and not bang heads.  We had purchased a Little Peoples ball pit train years ago for my older daughter and it held up for years.  This was a very disappointing purchase 
It didn't even last 24 hours before it split at the seams in several different spots.  Don't waste your money 
My daughter had this when she was a teenager. Now my grandchildren come and play the game she had. To preserve the original game I ordered new ones to replace my daughters game when she had it. The grandchildren, all 6 of them, love playing this game at our house 
My daughter loves this toy.  She has the treehouse and the school house, she plays with them often.  My only complaint is that they fall apart.  She does not mind, I just snap it back together and she keeps playing. 
My son is 5yrs old and this was one of the 1st things on his christmas list. He loves Power Rangers of all kinds but when we finally opened this and I tried to put it together...I thought I was doing it wrong b/c nothing fit or stayed together!! My son still played with the dragon part that was already put together but the storage bin is useless and the rope that the Power Ranger can "slide" down is barely high enough that he stays off of the ground and he pretty much falls down rather than sliding down. The so called "instructions" were horrible and another reviewer was correct in indicating how small the pictures were. I would have never wasted my money on this if I would have read the reviews 1st (I usually do). My son played with it for about 5-10 minutes and then asked why santa would bring him something like that. In my opinion it was a huge waste of about $50 and gave santa a bad name with my son for bringing him such a piece of junk 
This toy is a terrible disappointment. It falls apart immediately, is very poorly designed, and ridiculously difficult for a child (or adult)to put together. 
Whoever decided this was good for four year-olds must not be a parent of said age group. My four year-old received this as a birthday present. His adult aunt could barely figure it out. It's one of those toys that collapses the moment you play with it, taking all the fun out of the imaginative play that should be occuring. We have all the little parts and bigger pieces in a pile and he just walks around with the bigger piece wondering what to do with it, even though we have the corresponding Mystic Force Power Rangers themselves. I think this toy should be perhaps 1/4 of the price listed. Simply disappointing 
It really is not what I was looking for, but the children have found other uses for it 
I paid over $7 for this thing, bought it thinking it was going to be bigger than the ones that come with the set, and then I get it and it is tiny! you can get a much better deal on the extra large ones at lego.co 
Bought these beads for my 18 month old. He enjoys taking them in and out of the container. They are made out of thick plastic but are too heavy to stay snapped together.  When we snapped 4 or more together they would not stay snapped together because the weight of the beads pulled them apart as soon as they're moved 
Horrible...I was very excited to play this as I am a huge fan of the arcade game.  Of course, I wasn't expecting the quality to be the greatest but I was hoping for something playable.  Track ball is stingy, graphics are atrocious and there is only one course to play.  I have played better functioning, playable golf games 20 years ago on an PC.  The idea was great but this just wasn't made well.  Don't waste your money on this 
this was a christmas present and it continues to fall apart. the archways do not stay on them. too expensive for what you really get. i ended up putting most of it away except for the center cake piece and the cats. I would not buy it 
The game was not nearly as sturdy as I had hoped.  A piece broke off as I was putting it together.  Too sensitive to touch.  Wouldn't purchase again for an 8 year old 
how annoyed am i ? today my son is 5 an aunt bought the tmnt monster jam truck ; so we ,supposedly, bought the battery to go with it. WRONG THIS DOES NOT GO WITH IT. SON HAS A TOY WITH NO BATTERY , WE HAVE A BATTERY WITH NO TOY. WELL DONE TOYS'R'CRAP. WILL NEVER BUY HERE AGAI 
I am very disappointed in the construction of this toy.  The picture on the website and the picture on the box made it look like it was made of a more durable material.  It was made mostly of styrofoam and cost way too much for what it's made of.  I have no doubt that this toy will not survive until next Christmas. I would have sent it back if it had not been from "Santa". 
Unless you are prepared to be constantly putting the ropes and the masts back on the ship, this toy is a complete waste of money. My son had been wanting the Black Pearl for quite some time and this was a huge disappointment to him.  Buyer beware 
I just finished the World's Largest Crossword Puzzle last night.  It's been one heck of a project--approximately equivalent to 200 slightly oversized daily crossword puzzles.  I'm going to love hanging the puzzle on my wall--it really is something to behold when it's all done.  But it's also a big undertaking that requires a great deal of patience and perserverance.  The puzzle itself is moderately difficult, but made more so by the fact that somewhere during the revision (it's been re-done once) or perhaps during the original construction some errors were made.  Because of this, many of the clues don't match the answers. Add to that the fact that the author uses many hundreds, possibly even thousands, of abbreviations that are specific to a certain field (e.g. "Abbreviation used in electrical engineering") that no lay person ever has a chance of knowing, and you've got what can be an exercise in frustration.  You can work for hours on one small section and only later find out that the clue doesn't fit the answer. I'm generally pretty dogged in completing crosswords until letter perfect, but that's not possible here.  So I had to sacrifice a bit of my honor and force myself to give up after a couple of passes through the ups and downs.  Still, it's about 98+ percent solvable, which is pretty good when you consider how intricate the puzzle is and how hard it must have been to create.  Overall, I enjoyed the process and am pleased with the result.  If you've got the time and energy, I highly recommend this.  
My 7 1/2 year old daughter tried these on at a friend's house yesterday.  SHe had them on for about 2 minutes before she fell and got hurt.  After a trip to the ER and the Orthopedic Surgeon, she has a fracture in her growth plate.  Need I say more 
This Elmo table will suddenly go off in the middle of the night.  I had to ship the first one back to FP on my own dime to get a new one, that one was broken as well!  The cookie monster did not work on the first one and now the ABC part does not work.  this time they are paying for my return shipping but come on!  what a pain!  shoddy electrical work.  i have the same issues with the aquarium bouncer baby seat.  make sure you get this garbage on sale! 
This dog looked so cute and fun in the commercials and it was the one of only two things my 4 year old really asked Santa for. Come Christmas morning, today, I open it and put the batteries in and all it did was whine and we were petting the head and chest hard. After about 3 minutes I did get it to bark then another 3 minutes later I got the tail to wag but the leg wouldn't shake for another 3 minutes. 20 minutes of trying to get it to do any thing at all it finally licked but the tongue was not wet and I did put water in it so it should have been wet. Then my daughter got mad because she couldn't get it to lick again. The dog doesn't even stand up like it appears to be doing on the box.. it just lays there. If you are buying this, be prepared to be paying for a highly priced stuffed animal because that is all it amounts to. I can't believe a manufacturer would put some thing like this out there so that kids can be disappointed on Christmas morning... this product should have just plainly been recalled 
Just like a big chunk of us right now, I'm quite the sudoku addict. I just can't put those little puzzles down! So, I have to tell you first, if you haven't worked sudoku puzzles yet, you are really missing out! Get your hands on some!  Naturally, I was excited to try out a sudoku game and race against my friends to solve the puzzles. But what a disappointment! One small board, several people straining to see it, everyone racing to fill in the puzzle...it just doesn't work.  The way they designed this game was to have a board, which is the puzzle to be solved, and number tiles that you distribute evenly amongst the players. Everyone rushes to fill in the puzzle, and the person who uses all their number tiles first is the winner, assuming the puzzle is solved correctly.  First of all, if you have more than 2 people playing, the players aren't all going to be able to see the board well. Some people are going to have the board upside-down trying to solve it. That's rough! Talk about getting confused between 6s and 9s! Plus, everyone's hands are in the way while they're laying their tiles, which makes it really hard to see and concentrate on the puzzle.  Next, inevitably in the games I've played someone lays a tile wrong. Then the whole game is thrown off. The instructions say that if someone rids themselves of their tiles but placed them incorrectly, then the next person to finish would win provided all their tiles are correct. Most likely, if one person has made an error, that will have caused a chain reaction and the next person's tiles will also be placed wrong, and not necessarily by fault of either of the players. It could have been anyone who started the chain reaction.  The format just doesn't work for this game. My advice is to pass on this particular game. Perhaps a game where people were racing side-by-side on the same puzzle, but with their own puzzle, would work better 
We bought this for our snowboarding 11-year-old son. Being used to Playstation and Gamecube, he wasn't impressed with the graphics and control of the characters is very clunky. It's a cool concept-- but it needs more time in development 
My 3 year old got this for a Christmas gift, and I thought it to be a great idea, since he loves Elmo and bathtime.  WRONG...  the darn crayons stained my bathtub!!  I had to scrub my tub for what seemed like forever to get the stains "almost" out.  I threw the crayons away after that.  My son likes the Elmo still, but I wouldn't recommend the crayons, especially in an older-style porcelain bathtub, like ours 
I bought this toy last year for me son.  He really did not care for the toy at all, but he LOVES Elmo.  The crayons were way too messy and melted really fast 
I'm more or less fine that they changed a murder with an object in a room to who ate the cake at what time with what beverage.  Buying this for kids and all that.  Its not as intuitive or intrinsicly interesting, at least to me, but hopefully it is to kids.  However, they also changed the mechanics of the game from adult Clue, and not in a good way.  The "room" variable for example, drops out.  Its not relevant.  Its who ait the cake at what time with what drink.  It just feels silly to set up the room pieces and move from room to room if the room is irrelevant.  The idea is probably to change the mechanics to make the game simpler.  Well, the problem with that is it was pretty simple in the first place.  And the change sort of makes it more complex in a way.  You need to remember the rooms where you already checked tokens.  Now the sheet does list the rooms, you could use that to check off the rooms where you checked tokens.  But since the rooms are not otherwise relevant, its not intuitive to track the rooms where you checked tokens.  The game is also incredibly cheaply constructed.  For example, the "die" does not have numbers on it, you have to put number stickers on it.  And the board isn't flimsy -- flimsy would be an improvement.  Anyway, not recommended 
I bought this for my boyfriend as a present. We both love the TV show and thought the game would be as exciting (without the live crowd, of course). But the game moves slow, no models - only picking case numbers. You can compete against one another, but its not really exciting.  Maybe you should try the board game version - it can't be any worse. 
This game is one hot mess.  I bought it for my Mom for Christmas.  We decided to play the 2 player game thinking it would be fun.  Well, the word my Mother used to describe it is "EXCRUCIATING".  This was the slowest and most boring thing I've ever played.  There is at least a 10 second pause between EACH function (choosing a case, opening the case, Howie giving you directions, taking turns, looking at your opened case. . .you name it).  Each time you switch back to the other player, THE SCREEN LITERALLY GOES BLACK!  You only see the suitcase girls in the beginning and the end.  When a case is opened, you only see two arms, breasts and the case!  When it is your turn to pick a case, there is COMPLETE SILENCE as you scroll - and I use the term loosely - up and down to pick a number.  For a "video game" which you assume to move quickly, you'd better set aside at lease an hour to play it.  You will be exhausted when you're through.  We suggest they go back to the drawing board and stop with all the pauses, play some theme music when you are choosing your case, show the girl who opens your case, have the audience clap - ANYTHING!!!!!!!!  If you buy this game, you only have yourself to blame. P.S.  I won $750,000 and didn't even care, I was just glad it was over 
Game didn't work, but Amazon was very accomodating with a refund including shipping 
My daughter's birthday was to take place the next day.  At 10pm I went to Wal-Mart, and after seeing on the package "over 100 songs, stories, and games", I thought this would be AWESOME!   I bought this toy excited that the doll would actually sing happy birthday the next morning to my 2 year old!  I installed the software on my desktop (XP machine), but the real headache came when I hooked this thing to the computer (and I am a computer guy, so it shouldn't be that hard).  I plugged in the doll with the USB provided cable, and Windows XP loaded the update to the drivers for the USB port.  I clicked "Download to Dora", and the system came up with the "Incorrect Doll" that another reviewer mentioned.  I tried Fisher Price's help files, but it was no help (in fact, it said call their customer svc department).  Following another reviewer's instructions to try this on a new computer, I loaded this software on my laptop.  Hooked the doll in.  Had Windows XP update the USB driver.  Then with great anticipation I clicked "Download to Dora"....and.....and.....I received "INCORRECT DOLL"!  Finally, at 1AM...I gave up.  I took the doll back to Wal-Mart.  She got a nice tri-cycle instead 
Remember Spirograph by Kenner you played with as a kid? This thing Hasbro sells under the same name is NOT that toy. It is obviously of cheap quality, parred down to a handful of "gears", and designed so poorly that it doesnt really work! Stick with the original, which means purchase it used on eBay, but do NOT buy Hasbro's Spirograph. 
...this is nothing like the Spirograph I grew up playing with.  As everyone else mentioned, the gears are much too thin and slip constantly.  My 6 year old son was completely frustrated after wrestling with the design flaws.  Don't waste your money! 
I purchased this for my nephew and my daughter as a present.  I was significantly disappointed.  With this item having the Smithsonian name on it, I expected better construction.  While trying to assemble the item, the plastic cracked on the one.  The tubes and caps were so loose that I was afraid the bugs would get out into my house.  I put silicone around the extremely loose ones.  However, I did not seal everything so the critters could breathe.  For the price, there are other similar items out there with better construction 
My daughter has the ethnic version of this doll.  She absolutely loves it.  However, as a parent I notice that the color on the lips are peeling and the doll cheeks has no color to them like the illustration.  I am also very upset that I can not get a replacement for this item.  How do you tell your daughter that Santa Claus can't fix or replace this item? 
What A waste of monee. I do not think this is a nice gift for anyone. Boo. THE EN 
I bought this dollhouse for my daughter's 3rd birthday.  Within the first week I had to glue at least 3 pieces of furniture back together.  Over the past year I've repaired numerous pieces and the house cannot be moved without the back and roof coming off.  (It is now taped together). For $150 and with all of it's "awards" I expected much better quality.  I think ALEX needs to stop selling this house and redesign it 
Very cheaply made.MY children broke it after only four months.The back wall broke off along with the top roof.The furniture also broke.The people's hair came off.This house was a big mistake.I wish I had purchased a different one.This house is very cute,but not sturdy enough for preschoolers 
This says it is a wooden dollhouse but is not worth the money - is cheesy looking and cheaply made 
I should have bought my girls ipods.  Yes, these mini-muddles are cute in that they fit into little girl purses and pockets, but that's where the novelty ends.  First, it is NOT abundantly obvious to children how to work the controls to get where they want to be.  These are kids for crimy sakes!  They needs to have controls that are clear and easy.  My youngest has no idea how to get to a particular song because the buttons never do what she THINKS they should do (That's a big hint to Hasbro...don't design a product from an adults point of view.  Design it for a child from their point of view.  A button having multiple functions is very confusing for kids).  So I end up having to constantly mash those itty-bitty buttons until I can figure out where the song is for her.  Second, the process of getting music from point A to point B (point B being the mini-black-hole) is NOT a quick and easy process.  Copy here, burn there, transfer to this spot, drag/drop to who knows where.  Oy vey.  And THEN you discover the music isn't in the correct format so you have to start all over again.  As for the 128 worth of space...128 is a piddly amount of space but it is clearly advertised on the packaging that this is the amount you're going to get.  No surprises there.  Now if I could only get the darn music into the player without giving up and chuckin' it to the dog to play with.  An ipod might be expensive, but Apple certainly doesn't cause this consumer the grief and frustration that Hasbro has 
My 10 year old received the Massively Mini Media Player for Christmas and she and I both are very disappointed in it. There is simply not enough memory and this product does not seem to be compatible with our Napster files (at least not readily. perhaps I could burn them to cd then rip them back to my computer and THEN transfer them to the mini media player but I have not tried that yet.)  Folks, 128MB is a joke even for a young child. There are much better players out there in the same price range. I own the Sansa e250 which is a solid little mp3 player and I am seriously considering buying the same model for her as well 
I purchased this for my 8 year old for Christmas and thought I would be able to store more than just a few songs, but the memory capacity is actually only 109M and will actually only hold about 8-10 songs, no where near the 2 hours promised.  I would not recommend this purhcase to any child 
This looked to be a very cool item but what we thought was a miniature picture of the item turned out to be the item itself.  How they expect you to enjoy a movie on a screen the size of a thumbnail is beyond me.  Fun idea to be able to carry this in your pocket but not worth it 
I bought this toy for my son for Christmas.  I thought he would enjoy the toy because he already likes to place balls and other items into baskets and he likes rattles.  Unfortunately the toy ended up being a disappointment because it is SO LOUD!  It scares him everytime I turn it on and there is no way to control the volume.  I know lots of kid toys are loud, but I have never heard one as loud as this one. 
My four year old picked this toy out with a gift certificate given to him by his grandmother.  He already had pirate sets made by Playmobil, but this looked like an interesting addition to the sets.  Well, set up took nearly an hour for his very mechanically able father, and almost as soon as he began to play with it, pieces fell apart.  NOTE:  he is NOT a careless child, nor is he rough with toys.  But this toy doesn't stand up to even the most basic four year old play.   After he had had it up without playing with it for six months, we finally just boxed it.  We found all the parts and sold it for five dollars at a garage sale.  I just hope those people don't come back to reclaim their money.  Save yourself the pain and frustration and buy Playmobil's Pirate Lagoon -- this is just a cheap knockoff 
This toy was a huge disappointment for me. My boys took one look at it and threw it. I thought it was much bigger than what it is. I was also upset that I spent as much as I did and it wasn't even a decent size. My boys are moving to a car themed room and it just wasn't what I envisioned. It also only says one thing which can be quite boring for small children 
I don't know why this is, but when I put on the Dale Sr. shell for this car it started to understeer on left turns and would always crash into walls 
This car pictured could be a BASE or First Version defintely not worth 299.00 These are going for 100.00 and less on the web.   If you havent noticed the differences in the packaging it wouldnt suprise me. Lots of people dont notice. Heres the differences below...   On these 5 cars there is TWO versions of each driver(5 different drivers) that were made. First versions or BASE version and Second versions or "Added Features" Version.  The FIRST versions have NO "added features" stickers and you CANNOT race ANY TWO (or more) cars of the 5 different drivers' cars at the same time! Dale Sr. and Dale Jr.,  Jeff Gordon, Jimmie Johnson and Tony Stewart cars of the FIRST versions (no added features) CANNOT race together! Transmitter frequencys cannot be changed. Speed and steering are straight function. (no varilable anything) They either turn right FULL turn or left FULL turn or it goes straight. Speed is either it goes FULL ON or it doesnt. Same for reverse gear.   Again, each of the 5 different drivers' cars made are two different versions of the same car one has more features than the other.  UPDATED or "ADDED FEATURES" versions have "ADDED FEATURES" stickers.   Those "Added Features" are... Digital proportional steering (variable steering), which means you can turn the transmitter wheel slightly and the car turns a little. Turn the transmitter wheel alot and the car turns alot. Variable speed control  this means you pull back on the trigger a little the car moves a little, pull back on the trigger all the way and the car takes off! This also works for reverse gears as well  Now if this isnt cool enough...  Each "Added Features" car has  DIFFERENT Frequencies for different drivers' car.  The transmitters for the cars are different as well. "ADDED FEATURES" version transmitter has two "trim" adjustments on the back of the remote as well as the Frequency Chip on the side of the remote than can be changed, and can also be changed on the chassis of the car. So if you own 2 of the Tony Stewart cars, you would have to have a Frequency pack to race them at the same time. Now, two or more different drivers' cars can race together (or Five people can race 5 different cars). NO TWO ALIKE CARS can race together UNLESS you have the "frequency of another car and transmitter"  to change it, or a "Frequency Pack" from Team Up Inc.  ALL 5 Frequency Chips DO NOT come with the car in the box, off the shelf. This "Frequency pack" is sold seperately!  You can also purchase tires, suspension parts and body hold down clips, fully painted and ready to use new spare OR other drivers' teams bodies, extra rechargeable battery packs seperately!   I have done lots of research on these cars and should you have any questions please ask...nascarnbroncosfans@msn.co 
I am an active 48 year old and I own a Vurtego Pro Pogo stick. I ride motocross and I mountain bike regulary and I like the exercise and fun factor it offers. I chose the Vurtego Pro after doing some online research and I am totally pleased with the performance. The guys who designed and developed the Vurtego Pro and Fit sticks were looking for a way to offer a more affordable model for beginers and people looking for a fun but still high quality stick. The Power model came up short of their extpectations and they pulled thier endorsement due to quality and safety concerns.  For the money the Power Pogo is a fairly decent pogo stick but its not going to stand up to the abuse and demands of an expert or extreme pogo stick rider. It takes allot of effort and experience to go 6' or higher on any pogo stick. I am pretty good at mine, after about a month of use I am getting up in the 3' range and bouncing 500 plus consecutive times in a session before taking a break and going for another session or two, a great workout! I have pogo stick experience and can pull off most of the basic tricks, I consider myself a beginner to intermediate at the most. I doubt that I will ever reach the six foot level at my age, but that was never my goal. I know that the people at Vurtego are still working to develope a model that will be safe and affordable for those looking for a capeable, high quality and durable stick. If your looking to go 6' and pull off serious stunts I would buy the orignal Vurtego Pro or the Fit model for a great workout. If you are looking for a little less I would wait for the next version that the  Vurtego people will offer and endorse. I personally would avoid this one. 
IT sucked because I couldnt figure out the screen it is really big so you cant relly hide it any where and you cant drop it because it will break really easily Trust ME I KNO 
I bought two of these as Christas gifts.  One for my son and one for my nephew.  My kids have played with it a few times now and my wife and I are looking for an oppourunity to pitch the whole mess in the trash.  Not only does this stuff look like sand, but it gets into EVERYTHING just like real sand.  The play mat they include in this kit doesnt come close to containing the mess.  On top of all that the stuff deosnt clump together all that well.  All and all I would reccomend this product only for childeren over 8yrs and then only for outside play unless you really enjoy cleaning up. 
We were really excited about this item, but have been very disappointed.  We followed the directions EXACTLY, even putting the planted terrarium in the refrigerator for 8 weeks (which was frustrating AND a pain in the neck) -- and still we have nothing growing -- after weeks and weeks of waiting!  Rotten thing to do to a kid!  The plastic dome is of decent quality, and we got living carnivorous plants from an online seller -- worked out much better.  This is a TOTAL waste of time and money, unfortunately 
Growing CPs from seed is not easy!  And growing CPs in a terrarium is even harder (they need full sun, wet soil, and a special soil mix).  They grow native from Texas through the Carolinas and do not need the tropical environment of a terrarium where fungus will attack and kill.  This terrarium set up is doomed to failure.  CPs are actually very easy to grow outdoors with a little proper instruction.  Obtain your plants or seeds (takes years to get a decent plant via seeds) from a reputable online nursery (I have bought several excellent plants from Sarracenia Northwest) and then search the web for proper growing instructions.  Skip this item and the goofy terrarium domes at Walmart. 
I would give this kit zero stars if I could. The instructions say that it takes 6-8 weeks for the seeds to sprout. I kept them in moist peat and warm temperatures for over three months after the recommended period of refrigeration.  Not a single seed sprouted. I finally had to throw out the whole kit when mold took over. Complete waste of time and money.  But if you're feeling lucky, you should know that most of the seeds in this kit aren't much bigger than pinheads, and they all come packaged together in the same tiny plastic bag. So if you want to have each type of plant growing in a different section of the plastic tray provided in the kit - like that shown on the box cover - you need to separate out each seed under a strong magnifying glass.  And even then you won't be successful, as most of these seeds look just like ground pepper.  I accidentally spilled a few on the floor, and after sweeping them all up I literally couldn't tell them from the other debris in the dustpan.  By the way, it takes a minimum of 6-8 years living in ideal growing conditions for any of the plants in this kit to reach the sizes shown on the box cover. These are NOT plants that can simply be put on a windowsill. They need an environment that is not easily provided in the average home - LOTS of very bright light (about 15 hours a day), LOTS of humidity, an acidic growth medium (such as sphagnum moss), and about 80 degrees. And even then, these are VERY slow-growing plants.  To keep the humidity level high, you'll need some kind of terrarium, preferably covered to keep the humidity level high. But if you use incandescent bulbs to provide the necessary level of light, the amount of heat they produce can easily raise the temperature to lethal levels. For this reason I recommend a combination of fluorescent bulbs and a moist/dry heating pad at the bottom. Be sure that whatever heating pad you use isn't the type that shuts off automatically after one hour of use.  Some warnings... These plants flourish only in a very limited range of environments and nourishment.  The care you would normally give a houseplant will - in all likelihood - kill these plants:    NEVER feed them animal protein (like hamburger). The fats in meat aren't digestible and can kill them.    NEVER use tap water to water them. The mineral build-up can kill them so use distilled water only.    NEVER feed them insects that have been killed by insecticides, like RAID. Carnivorous plants should be fed soft-bodies insects like small slugs, ants, termites, etc., rather than hard-shelled insects such as beetles. Well-stocked pet stores will carry dried mealworms, but even these will need to be cut into very small pieces. Just as a baby needs tiny mouthfuls of food, so too do Venus flytraps.    NEVER fertilize them. These are very slow-growing plants and any attempt to force them to grow will kill them. 
Unless you buy the multi arcade machines with all the major games including Mr. Do and do it right- the classic collections on PlayStation II are the best.  Unfortunately for plug and play some of the versions are jerked to very difficult levels and not as fun to play.  The monsters in the Pac-Man games are almost always on kill including following you  in the tunnel a lot of the time.  The problems listed with the joystick seem to be accurate.  Galaga was better and Mappy was a lot of fun to play- the most underated classic in arcade history.  But again it's better to get the collections for Playstation II 
The doll is a great gift for little girls who love dolls.My 6 year old loved the doll.I do not like the way allysens hair sheds when you comb it.When allysen asked when is your birthday? My daughter had to keep repeating herself,when allysen asked what is your name the same thing happened.so my daughter got stuck with Happy New Year as her birthday and sweetie as her name,when you ask Allysen to read her book she asked for a smoothie,She is also very loud,my daughter slept with allysen and carried her around everywhere she went.When allysens batteries died she went back in the box 
I have my own business so I decided to give back to community by assisting with Christmas for the unfortunate.  I purchased 7 Amazing Allysen dolls and a plethora of other stuff for the less fortunate.  None of the Allysen dolls work.  I purchased a Amazing Allysen for my little in cousin in Florida also. We tried to make that doll work but it would not.  I went to the local Walmart to purchase another one and it did not work either.  I am totally disappointed with Amazing Allysen.  The kids that I purchased the doll for in Raleigh North Carolina could not find the appropriate things so that I could return the dolls.  I will return the one I purchased for my cousin today because my 30 days are almost up.  This was a horrible experience.  Those kids were expecting to have a super awesome doll, but she did not work.  I felt so bad because it was like I had something to do with it because I purchased so many and none of them worked.  I did have the opportunity to return the doll to Walmart in Florida and purchased an Amanda doll for my little cousin after Christmas.  She really loves Amanda 
Another reviewer said that this was a soft doll with no hard parts.  I ordered it thinking it would be perfect for my niece.  What I got was a hard plastic doll with small pieces labeled "Not for Children Under Three."  Needless to say, I was very disappointed.  This would be great for a 4 or 5 year old, but don't expect a soft, cuddly doll for your little one 
This does not work for the coler PIXTER.  There is no port to plug it in 
I bought it for my son to use with the Original Pixter also. And,I found what it was compatible with, after I realized that it didn't work with the original Pixter. The box I have says down in the bottom right corner (if the back of the box is facing you) of the back of the box in tiny print "compatible with Pixter Plus and Pixter 2.0".  You would think they would put that on the front 
The game has a nice concept, IF IT WORKED. I've been trying since christmas(over 3 months) to connect this game to the internet to update it for my kids and finally was able to update the firmware today. Something that you will have to do to be able to get to the virtual worlds,BUT THE WEB SITE IS ALWAYS DOWN!!!!! EXPERANCING TECHNICAL PROBLEMS!!!  and the nice window that pop's up on the home page from the Chief, asking for suggestions goes to a bad link!!!  I only gave it 1 star because the review process doesn't have a 0 stars.  DON'T WASTE ANY MONEY ON THIS THING!!!! 
I purchased this for my eight year old niece. We were both disappointed when it broke after only two weeks.  Be prepared to have limited options for fun without downloading it on your computer. The program takes up a lot of memory on your computer's hard drive 
I thought this would be fun, but ended up in garbage after 2 days.  Fighters dont stay in place and dont really move well.  Very hard to hit at other playe 
Dude this looks cool but plays crappy -pretty cheap plastic, mechanics are lame. You cant really tell when Superman is hit because his head barely leans back. You have to constantly adjust the arm positions of the figures so their reach can strike the head or chest targets -and it seems rigged that Supermans arms are just a little longer to stack the odds for truth, justice and the American way. Again, Cool figures weak cheap playability 
After receiving, putting together and using this toy with myself and children, I overestimated what it would be.  I remember the old school Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots, and this product isn't even close.  The old characters stood 6-8" tall and both necks sprung up with metal parts when a blow to the head was delivered.  This version has only plastic parts, the characters are 4" tall at best, and the 'win' is from a blow to the chest, not the head.  Metallo's head springs up, but Superman's head only nods backward.  It is difficult to discern the 'winner' from the set up.  It was only an $11 lesson for me to learn, but if you truly want a real Rock 'em set, try eBay, or yard sales.  This replica is not comparable to the original 
My 10 year old son got this for his birthday.  The screws are so deep inside the ball, we finally got so frustrated we just ripped off the foam covering the battery holder to be able to see where to place the screwdriver to get the screws out.  (The ball won't bounce anyway!)  Even then, the screws would not come out!  The lightup goal is great, but the ball is ridiculous.  Use your old nerf balls and then it's okay 
I purchased this item as a Christmas gift.  On the day after Christmas, I helped my son assemble this product.  It worked flawlessly for the first day.  The next day, I turned it on to show the boys' grandmother.  Apparently, the steel ball "wheels" under the "riders" don't roll very well after initial use.  The riders would be hoisted to the top, but would fail to slide onto one of the chutes.  If they did make it onto a chute, they would sometimes fail to glide all the way to the bottom, or would fall off the chute.  The failure rate went from 0% when first used to about 90% after the first day.  I've purchased other K'nex items before and never had a problem 
My wife and I were not impressed with the Caterpillar Tunnel. The material was flimsy and light weight. The tunnel is small and our children (even our 1-year-old) couldn't crawl through it without making the toy twist and roll over. Since it was not what we expected, we decided to return it and get our money back 
I ordered this for my son's up coming 1st birthday party.  I figured he and his little friends can sit in there to play.  I received the package this morning and I was in for a surprise.  First of all, 50% of the balls (it came with 100 balls) were half inflated.  The shell of the balls are so soft, and somehow the air inside was not full enough; thus half of the ball looked crushed.  Then, I thought, " fine, I just go buy another 100 balls to mix them in. no biggie".  Then, I inflated the pit for my son to play in. No more than an hour later, the main part of the pit deflated by almost half and the plug was still securely attached.  So, there must a hole somewhere.  This toy is totally unsalvageable.  I had to make a call to amazon and they have authorized the return of this product for a refund.  This is a very low quality product.  I didn't expect kiddie toy like this will last long, but one hour is too short for me. I don't think I will buy anything from this Ball Toyz company in the future either.  I think their balls are too flimsy. 
Teething two molars and a cold with a croup-like cough for over a week made my little toddler ultra-grumpy and zapped his energy.  Poor fella couldn't even play with blocks or a puzzle without falling to pieces with frustration.  I was going to buy 100 balls to put in his baby pool from the summer, but this whole thing on sale was less expensive than a pack of balls.  He shuffles around, rolls the balls down the ramps, and dunks them through the rings for hours.  No mental challenge, no frustration, and it doesn't zap all his energy.  It's made with the same weak plastic a 99 cent beach ball is made out of and overnight the whole thing is visably less inflated--wish it was a little more substantial.  The sides are not sturdy to sit on or to be used to pull-up on.  At 31 inches, he can barely get in and out safely.  The balls are inconsistent--one will be thick and hard and the next is so thin you can squish the sides in a full inch.  We're not trusting it to last a long time under everyday wear and tear.  Our plan is to store it out of the way until the next rainy day, he's sick or worse, if Mommy gets sick!  No need for an air pump.  With two of us huffing and puffing we got it inflated in under 10 minutes.  Take note that some of these ball pits have free shipping--the shipping on this cost more than the sale price 
I bought it for my 1 and half son. He likes it. But seveal days after he had it, it broken. I dont know why, just no music. He doesnt like it any more 
I recently purchased this item for my daughter who has been wanting to paint.  I thought this would be great because the paint is in the brush and it won't be messy.  Although all this is true, both of us found it very frustrating that it was difficult to get out of the tube.  If this is made for children, shouldn't it be easier to use and should an adult really have trouble with it 
While the concept is good, there is no way to securly fasten the blue tubes to the main body, so they keep flying off and need reattaching as each child crawls through at their normal breakneck speeds. I would avoid it to be honest. 
 The only thing "Deluxe" about this addition is the glossy foil cover of the box, which is designed to make you think you are getting something special by paying more money.  Nothing could be further from the truth. This edition screams "CHEAP" from the second the lid comes off.  Let's go thru the hype above and set the record straight on all the "Deluxe" features:  The board is a quad-fold affair, redesigned presumably to allow a smaller, less expensive box. It has much less rigidity than the single-fold board of the "classic" version. When it is left out for an extended period of time, especially overnite, the ends of the board curl up and refuses to lay flat.  The houses and hotels are completely featureless, just small blocks of wood. They looked to be dipped in some type of vegetable dye rather than painted. This is probably an attempt to eek out a few extra cents of corporate profit.  The "bankers tray" and "property wheel" are flimsy plastic jokes. Neither would last under play by children much more than a few games.  This edition is a sad legacy to a great game, and the cheapness of the set detracts from the joy of play. For the additional cost, all you are really getting is the fancy foil cover and one extra play token, plus a board that curls up at the edges: Whoopee!  My advice: Save the extra money and buy the "classic" version. 
Rainbow fish has colorful shiny scales.  He is shamed into giving them to everyone.  Sounds like a communist primer 
I thought the art had a certain charm, and used strictly as a picture book for children who can't yet read, I think it's quite nice.  (Too bad you can't make up your own story to go with it.)  The moment the child starts to read, though--better hide it quick, because...  Unfortunately, the book reads like a condensed Communist Manifesto for kids (as others have noted), or a Socialist agenda primer.  I don't know for sure that's what Marcus Pfister had as an aim, and I'm not going to speculate on his politics.  He has three kids and may raise them as he likes, and indulge in any such philosophical musings as float his boat.  Yes, I suppose sharing is nice.  Certainly sharing one's talents and abilities for the betterment of others is a great thing--but in America, we get paid for that (charity is voluntary, not coerced).  Furthermore, stripping yourself of what makes you unique and interesting (not necessarily BETTER, just unique and interesting), or giving away all your possessions, is a lousy way to make and keep friends, isn't it?  Is this book implying that somehow friendship can only be obtained by placating envy (a negative personal quality that should be dealt with by self-examination and intent to change, not pandering)?  Is it saying that being interesting and having unique qualities is bad?  Almost seems like it, at least to me.  Furthermore, there's an overtone of "only by belonging to a group can you have self-worth," which is as hoary a case of balderdash as ever I've seen.  Of course, people who agree with that egregious sentiment will disagree with me, but that won't make them right.  (The two stars, if you must know, are for the art. 
My 3 boys (ages 4, 7 and 9) love their lightsabers so the idea of a spring activated version was too hard to pass up.  Imagine the disappointment when the fragile spring/force action is only good for about 3 tries and then it falls apart with no way to get inside and fix it.  We have 3 of them (Darth Vader, Obi-wan and Luke Skywalker). Vader was done before 9am Christmas morning. The other two are hanging on by a thread and now the boys have to be "very gentle" when they load the saber. The worst part is that the light up feature is tied to the spring so it does nothing now.  These are not rough kids and it's just a matter of time before the other springs get jammed.  Stick with the original light up sabers and forget the force action. 
Bought this for my 3 year old daughter who really uses it a lot daily.  The level of edutainment is excellent for her age and she learns a lot from it.  My only sore point with it is the lack of strength of the perforated part of the pages (for the spiral binding).  The pages tend to be separated there so I think it will be a good idea to strenghten the perforated part of the book or to use some other form of binding that will not decrease the overall strength 
I was very disappointed with the quality of this product.  I had to request a second kit because the scented oils bottles were empty in the first kit.  The second kit also had the same problem.  Both kits had to be  returned. It is difficult to determine how fun this kit would be when it is  missing items within the kit 
My sone received this as a gift and was very excited about it at first, but as another reviewer mentioned, it quickly becomes frustrating if you don't follow the directions EXACTLY. After a few minutes he gave up and moved on.  I finally donated it to charity with my son's blessing - and this is a kid who saves everything 
My 11 yr old thought this was amazing but the maneuver wheels on the bottom will only run over hard surfaces and not carpet which was OK with us.  He did, however, run it over carpet and the traction wheel rubber pully snapped.  The legs are also quite fragile and after only 2 days of play, one of the legs broke.  Because of that, the spider cannot "walk" now! Too bad because its looks great.  We are going to send it back. 
Man this game sucks.  I LOVE SNL, but the questions here are SO trivial.  I was looking forward to getting this for Christmas and was very excited when I opened it.  It all went downhill from there.  I think the pieces are a good idea, but they're ugly.  The DVD clues are dumb and ineffective.  I was playing with my dad (who is legally blind).  He couldn't read the questions on the tv.  I think it would have been better if the dvd was narrated.  Overall, the game sucked, the questions were silly and it wasn't fun at all!  As an aside, I noticed that there are no African Americans on the box or the board.  One could argue that Eddie Murphy or Chris Rock were more successful SNL stars than, say, Cheri Oteri.  Whatever.  Game sucks.  Costs too much.  Stay away 
I couldn't wait to play this game.  I've been a fan of SNL for over 20 years. I was sooooo disappointed with this game.  The questions are horrible!  They are difficult to read and undestand.  The only good thing about the game is the fact that the game pieces are cool.  Otherwise, save your money.  It's not worth the $$$$.  BOOO Hisssss to the creators of this game!  You ripped off your biggest fans!!! 
In order to answer the questions in this edition of Trivial Pursuit you would need an encyclopedic knowledge of the minutae of SNL.  Most of the questions were beyond the ability of my family, who have watched SNL since it began, and who quote it frequently.  I was very disappointed in this game. 
We purchased this for our 3 year old daughter who loves the Disney princesses.  Even though we purchased it as a "play" bed we soon realized the poor design with the unsecured sides could be a hazard for any child.  We immediately returned the item and warned the store clerk on how dangerous the bed could be.   It's not worth the risk of suffocation for an air bed that probably wouldn't last long anyway.  I recommend you look else where for your child's princess dreams 
I ordered 200 hundred of these and half of them were squashed by the time I received the shipment and you can't get the shape back. If you want good quality balls spend your money on the Playhut version. 
These balls did not retain there "round" shape from the minute my 2 1/2 year old daughter played with them. The balls have that "smashed in" appearance and you cannot get them back to the original shape.  I purchased these balls to add to the ball playland made by the Moose Mountain Toymakers, Ltd that I purchased for my daughter for Christmas. The balls that were included with the ball playland have retained their shape, unlike the balls I purchased separately 
Compared with the sound sensation blocks I bought together to my 3-month babies, This product is almost ignored by them. 
Very disappointed with the quality.  Took 2 hours to put together then disintegrated as I was carrying it from the shop to the christmas tree.  I was not happy having to put it back together early Christmas morning.  Be prepared to use extra tape, glue, nails and screws to hold the contraption together.  The stairway is a joke and I threw it away as it is only held in with two 3/4" pegs.  We'll see if it survives Christmas Day.  
Without my husband being handy, this would have been in the trash on Dec 26th.  Took almost 2 hours to assembly with these small wooden pegs that barely held the unit together.  It fell apart when my daughter was playing with it on Christmas Day and so my husband improvised with stronger screws to hold it together.   Though she loves playing with it - we need to find out where we can purchase the furniture that the picture shows?? 
My daughter had her Tamagotchi V4 for about a day when the screen didn't work anymore.  At first we thought it was the batteries but once we changed them I knew that wasn't the problem.  It would beep and make noise but you couldn't see anything in the screen 
This deck stunk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That is of course....if you didn't find the combos. I have won tons of tournaments with my Exodia deck.Once I entered a tournament with this.I found alot of combos. I deafeted two guys with it.I'm not using it again. It was pretty good. But hey, that's a starter deck for you.  
this is really the dumbest thing ive ever seen. YU Gi Oh is such a rip off. get something good.  * Anime Princess Chick * - age 1 
Not the best toy I own.  I wanted to send it back after a week because the letter C wouldn't say it's name.  After a while it started working, but then D stopped.  According to the online demo the balls will say their colors when dropped in the chute.  Mine never have done this. My son likes this product and uses it.  As a parent I am disappointed in the quality 
I had searched high and low via the internet trying to find the perfect baby doll pram.  Good quality material, well made and if possible fold away storage ability.  When I found the Corolle Pram /Carriage I thought I found it plus the added bonus of a adjustable handle so no matter how tall my grand daughter was she could push her babies.  But when it arrived I was not thrilled.  What looked good on paper was not so in life.  True it folds away to store in a closet no problem.  But this ability is to easy and I fear the child will pinch her fingers.  All that keeps the stroller in an up right position in 2 lame flip over metal rings.  Now with the wonderful way a simple umbrella stroller for a real baby folds way, why wasn't this technology used on this product.  Sure an adult would have to fold it up, but I would feel better if that was the case then a 4 year old maybe getting broken fingers.  Also the cute canopy.  It does not stay on if you even move it to open a tiny bit.  I spent $113.00 on this item thinking I was getting a well put together item that would last years for my grand daughter.  Only way that will happen is if I can weld parts together and forget about ever wanting to store it. I did not buy this from Amazon only cause I wanted it right away and so bought it from another shop.  But I knew Amazon would have this forum and wanted to make sure others did not waste their money on this product.  Go with the other one for $33 at least maybe it will stay together.  Now I have to hope I can return this thing to where I bought it.  But I think Corolle should either rethink this items design or just pull it from the stores.  It's not what a good parent would want for their child.  Thanks & I hoped this helped 
This game was not engaging.  My son did not find it interesting.  He has not asked to play with it again.  You push the dice around to match letters on the cards or to spell the words yourself.  If you want to have a fun game with more of a challenge and an element of chance, try What's GNU.  It is much better for beginning readers and it actually fun for older kids or adults. 
My nephew was very excited when he saw the box and the picture.  Unfortunately, the inflatable suit is not really inflatable.  It requires constant air to keep it poofy looking.  It is basically a costume that has elastic bands around the neck and wrists and requires a blower (battery operated) to blow airs in to keep it looking inflated.  The battery is heavy and will not stay put on the two inch diameter hole on the back side of the thin vinyl suit.  Everytime he moves, it pops out.  The fan is noisy so he ran around in the clingy, deflated suit for a few minutes and begged to be let out of it as the elastic bands were restricting him.  He loves superman and loves having a cape.  He opted for a regular white towel over the thin red vinyl cape the costume came with.  I suppose we got what we paid for.  Cheap prices doesn't equate to quality.  I felt like my nephew got only a couple of minutes out of this toy.  Would not recommend it to anyone else... Unfortunately.. 
The fan would not inflate the item....we ended up putting tissue paper in it to look like it had muscles...not good at all...a great disappointment 
Dont waste your money on this one. the picture is cute. but the quailty of the toy isnt any good. the frosting doesnt even stay in the hole and the box is flimsy it would never last with a child. the concept is supposed to be like the game memory,your supposed to turn over the donuts and match the ones with the same frosting. your better off just buying the real memory game. the only thing this is good for is the pretend food concept and even with that it isnt worth this price. 
The description didn't say that the board game was sold separately. I assumed a "Game pack" had all the necessary materials. It should hae said Expansion Pack. It didn't, so I had to go buy the original game. It shouldn't be called WB 50th Anniversary, it should be called "Scene It - Friends version." We played one full round with 2 teams and literally HALF of the questions had to do with the Friends tv show. All in all, I was VERY disappointed with this product. 
First of all, please realize that the customer pictures of this item are totally off.  This thing is a foot cube, so there's no way you could fit any baby outside of a newborn inside of it.  That being said, when the cube first showed up, it seemed ok outside of the size, and my 2 1/2yr old son and 9-month old daughter seemed to enjoy it.  That is, until my son realized that the wires on top were bent in such a way that there was no way for the Elmo block to move at all.  Shoddy at best.  We've had this cube for a total of 3 days now, and already at least 4 stickers are off of it, due to not being placed center on the piece they were on, or just low-quality stickers.  My children still play with the cube, as currently it provides no real safety hazard, but the price I paid for this cube was entirely too much considering the low quality.  
Have this unit in out house, we have the one with one base unit and two mobile units.  A few things to note. The ones we had do not offer rechargeable batteries. It uses alkaline only, or if you have your own charger you could use rechargeable but would be nicer if it recharged while plugged in.  We live in NYC, Queens to be exact. We hear taxi cab radio chatter over this at times, especially at night. Also if unit is close to base unit static is not too bad but still annoying in bedroom, BUT if you have it one floor away, forget it. Unless child is screaming all you hear is static. on both units.  Only has two channels A & B which are set manually at both base and hand held units. So if you have a bad signal in middle of night, you have to go into child's room and change channel. Just don't wake the baby! Ouch!  Also missing a pager and a "walkie talkie" feature. They would be very nice. Not a deal breaker if they don't have it BUT it can be handy especially if your two floors up with baby with a full diaper and Spouse is in basement and you need more diapers from Garage.  I am about to have a second child, and I am replacing this unit with a better one, I am looking at one of the new digital units that have the noise/static reduction. Consumer Reports gave some of them their top marks. They are however way more pricey than these, some are near $200 and only one receiver. But they all have charging bases and most importantly they are static free with AUTO channel switching 
It has a lot of background noise so you have to set it high to hear the baby 
Very disappointed, this item never got shipped to me, we waited close to 2 months to find out it wasn't coming 
Good luck getting this bed! I ordered it 5 months ago (with availability being 2-4 weeks. Each month I was told it will available "next month." I finally cancelled my order and purchased the Little Tykes one before my frustrated 3 yr. old outgrows a toddler bed.  Kidkraft needs to focus more on actually manufacturing their products and less on marketing for orders they are unable to fulfill 
The bed looks very nice.. [...] when you have a toddler who is starting to climb out of their crib..This probably won't make it in the reviews but I'm writing it anyway 
This game is a clever combination of UNO and Rummykub. Very entertaining and can be played with kids as well as adults. It allows me to add my own special "rules" to make it more interesting. If you like cards, you'll love this game 
"Phase 10" is little more than an Uno knockoff--even sharing some of the same "special" cards: "Skip" and "Wild". Then, there are the so-called "phases", which can ultimately be frustrating for both young players, and new players. Example:  Phase 3 is a set of 4 cards (4 of the same number) and a run of 4 cards (a straight). You may have the following cards: (g=green, r=red, b=blue, o=orange) 2g, 3r, 4r, 6o, 6g, 9b, 11b, 11r, 12b, wild. Ultimaely, the player before you draws a "wild" card, and completes their phase. You, however get stuck with 85 points.  With all the flaws, the game can still be competitive and fun.  If you want something educational though, buy a Leappad 
I bought this toy for my son (the boy's version) for his 2nd birthday.  It was fun for a few days...until he went head over heels on a very small slope in our yard.  The toy landed on top of him, with his neck rolled and pinned under the toy.  He was so terrified of it after that, he refused to get back on.  It has been stored in our basement and will be sold at the next yard sale.  Save your money - this toy is too tipsey for toddlers and way too fast for them to control the steering 
Don't get me wrong...the concept of this toy if fantastic...and when it works it is wonderful....however, it sucks up so many batteries it is not even funny! It requres 4 C batteries and we replace them at LEAST every 3 weeks! Not only that but there is something wrong with the toy that makes it stick in the "on" position even after you turn it off (very loud and sqeaky". V-Tech knows of this problem but tell you when you call to "take the batteries our and turn it off and on 20 times to reset it". Well, that will work a few times but then the toy is totally broken. AND...their idea is for you to send it to them and they will take 2 weesk to send you a replacement....hmm....is this not a toy marketed to help children sleep...so we OBVIOUSLY need it at bedtime! I offered to apy them up front for a new one and they could reimburse me but they would not bend. Needless to say I am QUITE frustrated with V-tech!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If they know it is a problem they should tell you that on the FIRST call so something can be done about it!!! Another creepy side note....the thing says "I love you" in some strange voice to your child......SCARY! V-Tech has a great idea here and it is the best toy of its type...however, it doesn't work....looks like they came out with the technology a bit too soon! BTW...I rated Durability as a 1 and Amazon has it showing as 3 stars...hmmmm! 
Bought this for my 6 month grandson.  Worked about 1 week & then quit. Have changed batteries but still doesn't work.  Guess it was too good to be true!  Spend your money on another crib toy 
Complete waste of money!  I bought this for my 5yr old daugther and there is no way possible for her to program it!  After several frustrating attempts we finally get it programed.  Now the darn thing does not respond to her answers.  Even when I clearly repeat the answer in her ear she does not seem to register.  Complete waste of Money!!!!  Would not recommend to anyone!  Save your money and play with a rock, much more fun 
I hate this doll!  She is difficult to program, eats batteries and the tags which must be plugged into her body do not like to stay attached.  Within a week her hair was a matted mess, it took me an hour to brush out the tangles and is now braided.  I would not recommend this doll to anyone.  With all the frustration this doll has caused I would love to turn it into a shooting target 
My daughter wanted a Sewing Machine for her 8th Birthday. I thought it would be a good introduction to sewing instead of using my adult machine, but it was a mistake because the Singer Lockstitch Sewing Machine only worked once, when we first tried and this was it. I tried to work on it but it is so cheaply made that no wonder it doesn't work more than once. Unfortunatelly by the time we realize, I could not return it, because the box was in the garbagge. It is just a big waste of money. Don't buy it 
I am a seamstress who knows how to sew, and how to thread both top and bobbin threads.  My daughter received this machine for Christmas.  We threaded it according to directions.  It sews about 10 stitches then jams.  I observe that the bobbin design is such that the bobbin wobbles within the casing, and leads to a jam every time.  Don't disappoint a child by purchasing this 
some of these reviews are amazing, seems rather professional to me in most cases.  these are just brine shrimp people, feeder shrimp for most fish.  you want to learn how to keep a pet buy one, you want to learn how to grow food for it to feed off of then this is the starter kit.  it's not a pet it's a food.  
The Pixel Chix 2 Story House was suppose to intertwine with other Pixel Chix products - I had bought my granddaughter the car that you were suppose to hook up to the house so that the person could come out of the house and get into the car and vise versa - did not work - returned this item 
My son loved the idea of this toy and was so excited to receive it as a birthday gift.  However one club broke almost immediately and the other broke shortly after that.  It is poor quality and construction.  Don't use it unless your kids are the gentle kind.  Most kids would break this the first time.  [... 
I think that this is a great idea and a very cute plush, but I immediately encountered some problems with the toy that I think are worth mentioning.  First, the battery box is very poorly designed.  Once you have opened the velcro cavity in the dog's tummy, it's nearly impossible to keep it closed again.  The dog's hairs get caught in the velcro and the battery box is too big so the cavity keeps busting open.  Now, if I handle the toy, the box keeps falling out!  My second comment is that the sound effects are pretty bad.  The sounds quality is poor and it doesn't always sound like a dog 
My son received this as a Christmas gift. He and his brother and Dad were excited...got all set up to build it...and got nothing but frustration! These are really mechanically minded guys too. Very disappointing. I was especially surprised because of the Smithsonian name on it -- you'd think they would test this stuff before allowing their name on it. My guys never got as far as the reviewer who eventually got it assembled. The screws stripped and we didn't have the appropriate glue to even attempt a rescue. It simply would not assemble the way it was advertised. I am calling Amazon tomorrow about a refund. 
This is a very mediocre Knights Kingdom set.  There's not much of interest going on here, and the small castle suffers from lazy design.  The colorful Knights Of Morcia are back, once again fighting against Vladek, the black knight.  Two of the good knights make an appearance here (blue and purple), and we also get Vladek, a dark soldier, and a skeleton.  The minifigs are as charismatic as ever, each sporting his own unique expression.  Vladek and his henchman have that cute "I'm evil" Lego frown.  Our knights are outfitted with the usual accessories.  Swords and shields, and a black hatchet for the henchman.  The scene is a small mountainside castle that is home to a large scorpion monster.  The creature is constructed from a mixture of regular and Technic parts, and he has hinged pieces for an articulated tail and pincers.  The blue knight is accompanied by his horse, who has a cute mini-catapult strapped to his side.  The scorpion can fit into his den at the base of the castle, which has a front gate that can be raised and lowered.  High atop the tower is a mini-catapult and a thin boom crane with a small barred jail cell dangling precariously from it.  The rest of the castle is just walls, floors, and a staircase.  This castle is very fragile.  Mine fell apart several times while I was working on building it.  On the whole, the design just isn't all that great.  Handle with care, and play with care.  Colors are mostly black, dark gray, dark red, and brown.  This set has one of those nice walls with the barred window, and some signature Knights Kingdom battlement pieces.  This set works as an addition to Vladek's Dark Fortress.  On its own, it's stunningly less impressive.  The good news is that a savvy Lego Maniac can take the castle parts and build a better castle with them.  My verdict:  one thumb up for the scorpion monster (who can be added to your other Knights Kingdom adventures), one thumb down for the rest.  Could've been better.  My advice is to get Vladek's Dark Fortress.  It's more than worth the price of admission.  For those still hungering for more Knights Kingdom action after Vladek's fortress has been built and conquered, this set is better than nothing 
I bought this identical bed at Toys R Us for $175.00. This person is ripping people off, do your shopping before paying their mark up and shipping costs 
We usually love all the Melissa and Doug toys, but these sound puzzles are disappointing.  I bought two for Christmas, the farm one and the vehicle one.  We couldn't open the back to put in the batteries for the vehicle puzzle (as the other reviewer said), and for this farm one, the sound quality is so bad!  The animal sounds aren't even recognizable in some cases.  The puzzle itself is fine, but I wouldn't recommend paying extra for the sound 
I didn't know you had to line up the arrows on the motor part so we installed it incorrectly and it rotated counterclockwise; my husband took the whole thing apart and reversed the battery terminals so that it would turn clockwise, then it worked just fine.  The instructions don't mention that you have to align the motor to the terminals in a certain fashion or it will turn backwards.  But once you get it lined up right it works fine with Hershey's syrup.  a Great starter fountain for my chocaholic 2nd grader 
Not only do you use chocolate syrup which runs off of the cookies, pretzels, strawberries, etc., but it doesn't even warm up the syrup. So, like someone else said, you may as well fill up a bowl with Hershey's syrup and let the kids dip away.  The only reason I gave this two stars instead of one is because my kids did seem to have a really good time playing with this.  They thought it was great even though it was cold syrup instead of warm chocolate 
This product is a waste of money after the lightbulb goes out and the lighbulb didn't last very long in the first place. Polyconcept does not make the lightbulbs available in the stores.  After numerous phone calls to Polyconcept (manufacturer) I have yet to receive replacement light bulbs!!!  So basically, it is now useless. 
I have since seen other similar complaints on several websites and have written to polyconcept.  I have to date gotten no satisfaction from either crayola or polyconcept.  The lines are blurry, there is no focus to begin with.  But the real problem is that the projector detaches constantly from the base, whenever you move it, touch it, etc.  The dry erase markers don't erase from the board; and the light stopped working after the second time my son played with it.  I can't fathom buying a new light bulb at $4.95 + s&h after a total hour of use in two sessions.  I think it's probably wiring; who knows; but it's a disappointing flimsy cheap piece of garbage. 
My daughter received this for her third birthday from her Grandpa and while it's a great concept and I think she would really like it, it doesn't really work. Erasing each drawing is nearly impossible, and it bothers me enough that I know it will bother her to be unable to erase old drawings and start new. So we're returning it for something else. 
Wow!  This toy was made as cheap as possible.  Shame on crayola for not spending the extra pennies to make this more durable and a better quality product. Great concept, but poor designers!  Steps aside crayola - your name doesn't stand for much anymore! 
The pieces of this toy (the outfits, etc.) all ripped when we pulled them off the starter sheet.  Also, the pieces are too little and get easily lost when played with and the outfits are uncolorful and depressing. In general, this toy is hokey and cheap.  I recommend Melissa and Doug's Magnetic Dress-Up and/or Magnetic Princess Dress-Up. All the pieces are wooden and are large enough to keep together.  Also, the outfits are colorful and beautiful and they come in nice wooden boxes with lids so that a child can keep things organized. 
If you can smell the chemicals being emitted by these slippers than your child is breathing them in! Also the chemicals are being absorbed through the skin of your childs feet.  They are made with known cancer causing chemicals. They are also manufactured over seas wher the DEQ,EPA etc; have no jurisdiction over the processes used to manufacture these slippers.  My two year old daughter was given a pair and they are now hidden in the garage. Did not want to put them into a land fill until some one has analyzed the toxic emission from these horrible smeling slippers. Benzene, Poly Vinyl Chloride, all kill the liver. 
I bought these slippers after reading these reviews, thinking "they are really cute, how bad can they smell?"  Well, let me tell you on Christmas morning they lasted about 20 minutes in the living room before they were thrown outside on the porch, and they were back at the store 2 days later being returned.  The smell is beyond awful, and is absolutely unbearable.  As cute as these slippers are for your princess, do yourself a favor and get something else.  These are horrifying 
Our daughters are four and five years old.  The skates will not fit over our five year old's shoe.  The ad clearly says three to seven years old 
I bought 8 sets of these mats to completely cover my son's playroom.  Of the 8, there were 6 perfect sets.  The other 2 had VERY rough sections that caused major irritation on my son's knees.  When I contacted the company, they gave me a VERY hard time about the issue and basically said they wouldnt do anything about replacing those mats until they received them back and could do an investigation as to how this could have happened.  They kept saying that they had never seen anything like this before as though I was making the issue up.  In the end, I was SO unhappy with their attitude that I returned all 8 sets and went with another brand.  Be careful and check the quality of the sets that you receive! 
I should have paid attention to the reviewer who stated this doll is a "piece of junk" and the only good thing is how the doll is dressed! Being optimistic, after the first purchase of the doll proved to be disappointing (she laughs adorably; she makes the sucking noise; she makes a contented sound, which becomes 'stuck' and the mechanism on her back must be turned off; she does not kick her legs; she does not close her eyes when rocked) I purchased a second doll and this doll was less functional than the first one. The second doll cries continually. She does close her eyes and that's it! I returned the second one and kept the first one because she is more functional. DON'T WASTE YOUR DOLLARS ON THIS ONE 
I am a parent of a 9 year old daughter who loves dolls. She was given the Love me CHOU CHOU doll for Christmas (12/25/05). On Christmas day we were unable to get the doll to fall asleep, so on 12/26/05 I went back to the store to exchange the doll. With no luck I found that the second doll would not fall asleep either. I looked on the zapf-creation web-site under most frequently asked questions and received more instructions on how to get the doll to fall asleep and still the doll will not fall asleep.  Apparently this is a problem, not only with the doll my daughter has but with other customers as well. If the company knows that this is one of the most frequently asked questions, why not remodel the doll so she can fall asleep like the instructions say? It is very discouraging for a 9 year old who has hopes of seeing the doll do something that is being advertised and it does not do that. It is also very upsetting to a parent who has to continue going back and forth to a store and hopes of looking for a working doll. These dolls are very expensive and should work like the instructions say they should.  We have tried everything we can to get the Love me chou chou doll to fall asleep and nothing seems to make that happen.. I have even spoken with another parent in the store where the doll was purchased and was advised her daughter also was crying on Christmas day because they could not get the doll to fall asleep. She then explained, she had her mother a grandmother to rock the doll and guess what the doll finally fell asleep keep in mind this was not rock-a-bye chou chou. We have even tried to rock this doll with no luck of getting the doll to fall asleep.  I have even taken the doll back to the store for an exchange, but was advised the doll is no longer being sold at the store where I purchased it.      
Bought this little cooler for the back of our ATW wagon to make it easier to haul snacks and juice around the zoo etc.  Cooler holds temp fine and the velcro straps go around the wood railings well, but this a totally soft-sided cooler with no frame or supports, so if there is anything in it, the cooler does not hold it's sqaure shape when hanging on the back of the wagon.  Looks terrible and I would have been better just rigging up a mini igloo with bungees or somethin 
Purchased this for our grandchildren.  IT DID NOT WORK! Unfortunately we had thrown away the original packaging, so I assumed that it could not be returned.  It gets zero stars from this household even if the form does require at least one star be entered. 
Lego is a great product, unfortunately this one's just a little too ambitious. My son fell in love with this and begged for it for Chanukah, but once we got it put together it wouldn't stay together to play with. It's great to make smaller planes with, but the original plane just fell apart under it's own weight. 
I would not recommend this product for anyone over 3 & 1/2 years (unless small for their age).  My 4 yr old son (36lbs) got it for his birthday, and broke the steering wheel within 10 minutes.  There is plenty of room for him on the seat and inside the car, but its been "parked" since broken.  I wish we would have spent the money on something that would have lasted.  The plastic seems cheaply made.  The voice buttons and noises are loud and work well.  Stickers have already started to flake/peel off after 1 month.  Consider a bigwheel 
The concept is perfect.  It is small but fit my bigger 3 year old okay.  The pedal mechanism is difficult to master, but doable. The steering is for slight turns not any sharp turns.  I rated this item 2 stars because the box was obviously opened prior to me receiving it.  It most likely was a returned item.  It was also defective with the metal rod for the pedal mechanism totally disassembled.  I fixed it but then the other medal metal rod came apart as well.  The product is very cheaply made, but the sound effects and look is perfect for a Batman lover.  I have written to EToys, and I will see how they respond.  My sons loved the car nevertheless 
This item had a description for ages three and up.  This isn't even close.  Now I'm stuck with a toddler toy for a five-year-old who is so attached to the fact it's a Batmobile he can get in, even if his knees practically knock at his chin, that I'll never pry it from him.  He's only going to be able to  even get in it for probably two more months.  It was a complete waste of money.  It's suited for two to three-year-olds and small four-year-olds 
Our grandson is barely four years and of average size for his age, yet the batmobile is much too small for him.  For a kid who loves batman, it is intriguing and he did try to use it as he pretended to be the batman of his imagination.  But after just 2 or 3 days, he gave up and returned to his tricycle. As a result, except for the initial 2 or 3 days of limited pleasure he got out of it, the batmobile has been a waste of money.  On the other hand, for a child of 3, it should be fun, I think, for at least awhile 
This was not fun at all boring and she only played with it one time Definately a waste of mone 
This toy is not good at all! its hard for the reflecters to stay still and to connect. its hard to trace the picture because you can hardly see your hand! plus it the picture moves, thats it! you have to start all over again. its better if you just take a piece a paper and putting it over the picture and traceing it that way, trust me i ended up just doing that 
My 7 year old saw the ads for DigiDraw and drove me absolutely crazy until Christmas rolled around last year. The look of excitement and happiness on his face as he unwrapped this toy was short-lived. It was nearly impossible to assemble. The time and patience it required to 'trace' just a straight line was too much for an adult let alone a 7 year old. The only useable item from this entire toy were the colored pencils 
My daughter, age 9, purchased this product after seeing on tv the many ways she could create images on paper as well clothing, backpacks etc.  Upon opening and struggling to assemble it, we realized that it was useless.  It is very difficult to use on paper and I can not imagine using it on an item such as a jacket.  I emailed the company to complain and after 5 months they responded with a standard - return it to the store you bought it at (an option I did not feel we had since it had been opened and used).  They should have just said "tough luck (...)".  Save your money, avoid this company and get a bunch of stencils instead. 
As others have said, this is a neat concept, but in reality, it doesn't work that great.  After drawing on it, you wet a sponge to erase it.  Think about a small child wetting a sponge.  It ends up a dripping mess!  Then they end up with runny marker all over their hands, which ends up on their clothes, etc.  We're good about watching the kids, too.  You really have to take control of the sponge and make sure the board is wiped properly before the kids use it.  The other thing is that none of the colors glowed very well and the kids stopped using it after only a couple of days.  Just a very disappointing gift.  Fisher Price should have stuck with the original Doodle Pro... my kids have had it for a year and still use it 
My sone LOVES this trike, but has not been able to use it much due to the fact that it keeps breaking. The first one I got had a broken steering wheel lock - it kept slipping into lock position and my son couldn't turn the wheel anymore! So I called Radio Flyer and they graciously sent out a new one(I did not have to provide proof of purchase or anything). On the new one, the parent handle would not lock into place. So I called again and they sent out a new parent handle. I replaced it and everything seemed to work fine until we went up or down a slight incline in which case the handle would come unlocked again. I called Radio Flyer AGAIN. At this point, they are sending a new one which Quality Control is supposed to look over first, and they want the old one back to take a look at it. I really do like this trike, but the quality is not great. If you purchase it and have problems, DEFINITELY call Radio Flyer to get one that works correctly. Don't even bother to return it to the store. Radio Flyer will send parts or replacements free of charge and you don't have to hassle with going back to the store 
Got a very similar model at a Babies R Us several months ago, but without the adult's handle. My son is almost 2 and can almost pedal by himself, and we generally like the style, but the trike tips so easily that I rarely take it out for him to use. Never would have thought to check this but I'll be in the market for a big-wheel type trike or one that is much more stable than this model. 
This trike in useless! Our 2yr. old tips over every time she tries to ride it. Buy something that's worth the money and safer! Now our daughter won't go near the thing, or any other trike! I expected much better from Radio Flyer 
I cannot believe Radio Flyer put this bike out! Every single time my 2 year old got on this thing, it toppled over! I actually called Radio Flyer, they denied ever hearing any complaints about this model (then I found out there are plenty of angry parents out there!) After some resistance, they agreed to refund me and they did. The back wheels are too close together, making it very easy to tip over, plus the fact that it is so lightweight makes it even more unstable.  I tried it too in the store on smooth ground, but on the sidewalk, forget it! Please save yourself the trouble!  
Very dangerous!  My daughter was constantly tipping over on this bike.  The handle bars turn too sharp and just dump them over.  There is only one good thing about it.  The seat puts the child higher than the pedals and they can use their weight to get it going. This helped my daughter learn to pedal. The constant nose dive however....was not worth it.  Don't buy! 
I bought this shopping cart for my 14 month old daughter who absolutely loves her Little Mommy doll.  She enjoyed taking the food out of the shopping cart but when she tried putting it back in the basket fell off the frame and she got quite upset.  Also, at her age it is difficult to get the doll into the seat portion without assistance from mom.  The cart itself also does not turn well when tried to walk with it 
My 15 month old daughter received this as a gift, and I have to admit she loves it, but it has nothing to do with the product design. She would love any toy shopping cart at this stage. She just loves pretend cooking, eating, and feeding her baby doll.  This toy is so shoddily made it's laughable. Some of the included foods to put in the cart are actually just cardboard boxes that wind up torn and in the garbage within the first 48 hours. The cart basket is too small, the baby gets stuck in the seat, and my daughter gets frustrated when parts of the cart fall off as she plays. It's not going to last long. The best parts are the little milk carton and the banana.  Check out other shopping cart toys (little tykes or small world toys).  We bought her a set of wooden fruit (melissa and doug). When this shopping cart dies, we'll buy her a sturdy one and add more wooden food toys (there are some excellent sets available). My advice is skip this one and buy your child something better the first time around 
I bought this shopping cart for my grandaughters age 22 and 23 months old. They love pushing it around without the baby seat, without the basket. In other words they are quite adept at taking it apart & rolling around the frame. The doll is difficult to put in, the cardboard groceries were put away until they are older. The other groceries are fine, the pouring milk container is great as are the pretend veggies & mac n cheese. They both put them in the containers. I am disappointed and was looking for a shopping cart that my own daughters had, that actually looks like a cart & doesn't disassemble so easily 
After hearing a lot of the songs used for other Fisher Price music toys, I expected the best from this one. I liked the songs included on the rom, but I expect a nice beat and catchy tune. (Like the Backyardigans or the Doodle Bops). These songs are performed in a dry sort of way. They aren't even as good as the Wiggles and my kids hate the Wiggles. It was a bit disappointing 
THIS VEHICLE IS NOTHING BUT JUNK. IT DOES NOT MOVE WELL ON THE DRIVEWAY AND DOES NOT MOVE ON THE GRASS AT ALL. MY GRANDSON USES HIS FEET TO PUSH IT WHICH IS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED FROM A $100.00 TOY. VERY DISAPPOINTED. I WOULD LIKE TO SEND IT BACK FOR A FULL REFUND 
My daughters are a little young for this toy and aren't that into it yet. It is very cute, with lots of sweet, tiny, realistic pieces, and I can see it having lots of play value and somewhat educational. However, they made it so the arms are jointed in order that she can hold the baby. Well, my daughter threw the doll on the floor at the doctor's office and the bottom half of the arm fell right off. Even if it hadn't broken, you have to place the arms just right or they look totally strange. This is the least favorite barbie my girls own. If it weren't for the arms, this would be a great toy. Oh, and the back of the dresser is open, so you can't really store the small pieces in it. Not sure why they didn't just close it up to make storage easier. 
I miss Happy Family. I have some. I like this doll that im Reviewing but mattel tell the Happy Family fans like me that this doll is not Midge 
This game is very difficult and lengthy to program the remotes.  Also, if you play it for more than an hour the questions repeat themselves so basically if you play it once there is no reason to play it again.  It's a huge waste of money.  For 30.00 they could have at least put a larger database of questions on the DVD or have more than one DVD included in the game. This is a BIG disapointment 
I do not usually take the time to write reviews on products. If I am not satisfied with something I would return it and write a reason for the return. The kids used this product up in about an hour so there wasn't much to send back. When I was a kid we had spirograph and it was a great thing. The reviews for the current model said that spirograph was just a memory and the new one was a cheap copy that didn't work. I am glad that the reviews were there for that product. To save money I ordered this low cost Spin Doodles toy. Five year old kids are always excited to open a toy to check it out. I played with them for a little while to get them started and realized that we had a box of junk. Why would someone go through the trouble to develope and manufacture a toy and then sell it on the internet when it is not really usable ? The gears and holder for the paper were a mess of poorly designed and warped plastic. At least the cost was low. This one was a waste of shipping cost even if the toy was free. I hope this helps someone who remembers spirograph and what a great creative toy it was 35 to 40 years ago. I guess the technology has been lost for toys with plastic gears. 
These were a gift to my 5-year old from his grandmother.  I can't return it to her since it would make her feel worse than the worthless product.  I'm amazed Amazon carries them !  A string and two cans would work better 
We bought a pair of these thinking they'd be an ideal gift for our 4-year-old nephew. They look great, and the hands-free styling is nice. But it's a good thing we tested them before wrapping the gift. They work terribly. We got very flaky reception with a lot of background noise, and we were less than 40 feet apart. They are promptly being returned 
While the doll is beautiful, I don't think she is a good representation of Chinese people because if you look at the picture of a close up of her face, you can see that her eyes are big and round just like a European. Her nose also is upturned.  While some may say that some Asians do have rounder eyes, most do not and I don't think this doll looks Chinese enough 
I bought this product after pulling numerous items out of the toilet.  The suction cups never really fit securely to the toilet and after I finally thought I had it right, I found the Toilet Lock floating in the toilet like everything else. 
I completly agree with what everyone else said about this...Do not buy it!!! I wish I had read here first!!! We bought two of them and one stuck for 2 days and the other didn't even last 1 day....we tried for days to get them to stick and they just wont...we had thrown out the boxes so we couldn't even return them!!! I can't imagine why they continue to sell them!!! 
we bought this thinking the suctions would keep the darn thing on - boy were we wrong!  the suction cups are so weak that my cat jumped onto the toilet seat and knocked it over.  save your money 
I purchased two of these locks and thought that they were going to work great.  What a big disappointment.  They both continued to fall off within 10 minutes of installing them and they continued to fall off.  I just returned them.  Still looking for something to work. 
The first time my husband installed this toilet lock it stayed put for about 3 days.  I thought it came loose because he didn't wipe the toilet before attaching it.  I wiped the lock and toilet with rubbing alcohol and assumed the problem would be fixed.  The lock fell off later that same day.  Now the dumb thing won't even stay on for 15 minutes and when I do get it attached my 13 mo. old can pull it right off 
This product does not work.  The way the toilet lock stays on is suction cups.  They do not suction to the toilet.  If they do miraculously suction, my 18 month old can easily pull or knock it off with the slightest touch.  I bought two, lost the receipts and can't return it.  I would not give this product away because it basically doesn't work at all. 
My child LOVES Geotrax and plays with them everyday.  However, Big City Lights makes your track look good but doesn't have much for a child to interact; the crane has a crank to turn but the bricks are hard to get to stick in the clamp and besides a button for sounds that is about all this has to offer.  Unlike other pieces with Geomotion this one is a bore.  My child rarely plays with this piece except to watch the RC trains go under it. 
I ordered this for my 7 yr old grandaughter for Valentines Day.  Upon receipt it was not operable. The user is supposed to ask the "Love Ball" a question, and then turn it over to see the answer under a clear glass window. The answer would not appear under window it seemed to be covered with a dark liquid 
This love ball was very un-lovely. The messages would not appear clearly in the window, no matter how I tried turning it over different ways.Maybe it sat too long in the wrong environment before I received it. I put it back in the box and plan to ship it back 
Since purchasing this "Executive" set, I have purchased another one at a local store.  Although both sets are relatively the same, the instruction package with my second set is much better.  The sea monkeys in the "Executive" set lasted about a month and a half.  This was due to the fact that the instructions on how to care for them were very vague.  We did not know that you needed to add air to the water or that over feeding was extremely bad for them.  The instructions in the sea monkey set we bought locally were very good and we have now had sea monkeys for over 3 months.  I believe the "Executive" set is overpriced as well 
We went through the process of cleaning the tank and sterilizing the water, adding the package of sea monkeys, and finally feeding the sea monkeys and NOTHING happened. (...). Hope these are not dead 
This is a cheaply made, over-priced product.  It didn't last a week and I paid over 30 dollars for it and since I ordered it early as a Christmas gift - I can't return it because it has been over 30 days!!  The drawer to pull out to get the coin rolls out will not go back in all the way, therefore the coins fall to the bottom, get stuck, etc.  Total waist of money that I now cannot get back! 
This sorter is very light duty.  It jams frequently and unless the coin tubes are perfectly round, the coins do not enter them squarely.  I can not recommend this coin sorter.  I am looking for a better quality sorter... 
This toys purpose is to sort your change, and it performs poorly. In mine, the quarters get stuck unless you pour coins in one by one, which takes forever. If you pour more than one coin in they get stuck or little coins fall into the slots for bigger coins. In mine the quarter got stuck in the dime slot blocking it, it no longer works 
This is a very fun toy.  There are numerous buttons and sounds that my children enjoyed very much.  After you close the phone, it rings a couple seconds later, and the kids loved to answer it and pretend to talk to people.  Unfortunately the two I bought quit working within a short time of buying them.  I bought the first one last year for my son, and it lasted for about a week.  First the recording feature stopped working.  Then none of the sounds worked.  New batteries didn't help, I even opened it up to see if any transistors had burned out or there were any shorts.  Didn't find any problems...it just refused to work.  We bought a second one for Christmas 06, and it's already quit too.  We'll try to stay away from this brand 
My sons got this toy for their 1st birthday since their physical therapist recommended getting a push/ride on toy with a wide base for learning to walk.  While they enjoy the buttons and sounds and like being pushed around on it, I do not find it helpful for development.  The handle pushes forward and comes off very easily, it is not heavy enough for them to pull up on without tipping over onto them, and the seat is very wide and square so their legs will have to grow considerably before they would be able to ride it.  Also some of the stickers are starting to peel off and we've only had it a month.  For an older child it would probably make a decent ride on toy, but if you are wanting a push toy to help with early walking, keep looking 
The handle falls off easily so its not good for a young toddler learning to walk.The seat is VERY wide so unless your [small kid] has legs as long as a [grown up kid] its not going to be comfortable. The wideness does help with the balance of it for a child that would be pushing it but the handle popping off kind of defeats that purpose 
It has lot of problem, most of time it's cartridge will not be recognozed by Leap Pad. 
If you are looking to add a microphone to your product then just purchase the microphone, NOT the microhpone with these two books.  If you purchase this item then you are LIMITED to these two books!!  If you purchase the microphone you can use ALL microphone enhanced books!!!  My kids LOVE the microphone.  It is great to hear their own voice and sounds.  I give the microphone itself 5 stars 
Over Priced, Cheaply made, Bad assembly instructions. It's a good Idea, but a bad product. Very over priced. I would not have mined losing out on ten dollars, but 50 plus shipping is a lot. This was the most expensive toy I bought my son for Christmas. The bat does not fully swing, because one of the guides block it. you can't control the so called pitching, the ball is a magnet that sticks to the playing field. pitch it to the bat and it may not roll to the bat, hit it and it may not make it out of the out field. Score board dials won't stay attached to the paper score board. It takes two people to operate. it's the day after Christmas and this one is going to the trash. I can't send it back because I have attempted to assemble it. It would have to go back in the same condition it was received. I would not recommended this to anyone. My son and I are both very disappointed. 
This game was not at all what I expected.  The steering wheel and pedals are just for looks.  You actually have to control the game with arrow buttons on the steering wheel.  And many of the games had nothing to do with driving.  So glad I opened it to try it before Christmas morning.  This is one toy that is headed back to the store 
i thought baby would be much more interested in this. it's colorful and easy to grab -- but for some reason, it's a non-starter 
I recieved this itema s a gift. I thought it would be great I was wrong! The designs it gives you are really cool but the ploish that comes with this is awful!!!!!!!! 
I bought these skates for my almost 3 yr old who wants to be like her big sister.  The skates are good overall.  They are easy enough to put on and take off.  The padding inside is nice.  The only drawback I can find is the the adjustment lever that keeps the wheels from rolling on setting 1 changes by itself to setting 2 which lets the wheels roll.  I am not sure if I just got a bad pair or if this happens with all of these kinds of skates.  I will keep them but it does get to be a hassle to have to keep putting them on the correct setting. 
I bought this toy from my son for his 2nd birthday less than a week ago.  It is designed for the sandbox, but has already stopped working because sand has gotten into all the sliding parts.  It also has a locking mechanism that is too difficult for even my almost 4 year old to figure out.  But my kids love to ride around on it, it's just too bad the rest of it is so poorly designed 
A great idea, in theory, but I think this is a very poor design.  The wing nuts do not tighten sufficiently to hold the strings in place - they just spin around and around.  I will be able to get it working, with a bit of work and a few bits and pieces from around the house, but if I had given this to a child for Christmas I would feel awful about it.. 
We have two new power wheels 12 volt batteries.  They take a charge just fine with the charger that came with them.  I bought this so we could use it as a rapid charger and it would take less time for the batteries to charge.  I plugged them in and waited a few seconds.  Both batteries had the flashing red indicating the batteries were either a wrong battery or bad.  This will not charge the batteries for me.  All it does is sit there and blink red.  But the batteries charge just fine with the original charger.  How can they be bad batteries if they hold a charge and we get hours of play out of them on a full charge.  Funny that.  Makes me wonder if it is a marketing ploy for people to run right out and buy a new $50 battery to replace the "bad" one.  If it would actually work to charge the battery then it would be great.  But we cannot get past the red light with ours.  It is going right back to the store!!!  It might be slower but we will stick with our original charger from now on. 
This is a wonderful toy.  I have given it as a gift many times.  BUT-  This toy did not quack!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The child was very disappointed.  (So were the rest of us.) It was returned.  The experience was VERY bad 
I bought this for my son's first birthday.  He loved it!  But, after only a month it stopped quacking and he lost most interest in it.  He still plays with it a little bit, but not like when it made noise.  I wouldn't have wasted my money if I had known the batteries would only last a month 
My 4-yr old daughter really wanted this for Christmas, and Santa was kind enough to bring it for her.  The quality is fine, but it just doesn't do much.  She played with it for the first day, and has touched it maybe twice since.  I've seen these on clearance everywhere I've gone lately, too.  If your child is into playing "mommy", this is cute, but the extra money you pay for something that moves and talks doesn't really equate to lasting play value with this one 
My daughter loves Strawberry Shortcake.  This interactive doll and book are uninteresting and do not work together very well.  The book has to be on a flat surface and then still does not work well.  The doll and book quickly became seperate toys and neither are played with very often 
I agree with the other people who wrote a review...can't figure out the sequence of events or maybe stylus does not work.  Child not happy and tired of hearing Shortcake say the same thing over and over.  Save your money and buy a good book for your kid!! 
My son received this car for Christmas.  It worked the first time we used it but we noticed that if we forgot to switch the car to the OFF position when we were done the batteries would die.  Each time my son wanted to use the car we would have to replace the betteries!  The last time we tried to use it we changed the batteries in the car and the remote and it won't work.  So now it's garbage! 
I was also discouraged by the reviews but bought it anyway. It was a lot of fun! While it worked. We experienced the same symptoms as the other reviewers here ... I appreciate the info on how to fix it but should we have to? It's too bad because it really is a cute toy and my 2 year old loved it. I would not buy it again. If you are considering purchasing this toy make sure the company has fixed it first 
I saw an advertisement for this toy on the tv.  I was SHOCKED that they were still selling it!  Years ago, my young son got his arm trapped inside the hole where the balls come out.  We had called Playskool and they had us return it to the store and they sent us a free 'I'm sorry' gift.  The one pictured on Amazon is the DANGEROUS one that many kids have gotten their arms stuck in.  If you look on the Playskool website, they have a newer version which offers a cover over the hole where kids like to stick their little paws.  Be sure you get the newer version!  It is a super cute toy, and I am glad they have fixed the problem so many have had 
We bought this for our 10 month old son for Christmas.  He really enjoys it, but the steering stripped out within the first week so he can only go straight.  We have to follow him around and turn it.  Other than that it's been a good buy.  He can play with it inside and out.  He's 16 months old now and will be getting a bigger, faster 12 volt 4-wheeler soon 
I ordered two soccer ball kits for my two young sons. They were unable to inflate either soccer ball on Christmas day because neither of the accompanying pumps and needles worked. If there had been no accompanying pump and needle with each kit, I would have been better prepared ahead of time to have my own pump ready. I had to go out and buy new needles the day after Christmas. We'll try again another day to see if we can inflate the balls with a different pump 
it sucks it breaks easy and doesn't work good   dont waste your money like i di 
It says that it works with vibration, maybe if you are dancing on a trampoline. The kids are not really that impressed 
As stated by the other parents on this item this belt is a cute idea, but it is so small it barely fits my [...]. It will only fit him if he is not wearing a shirt and even then if he bends down it sometimes pops off. He gets very frustrated and so am I. If I have to re-velcro this thing again I am going to scream, and he only got it this morning for easter. I called fisher-price but they are closed for the holiday...I plan on calling again tomorrow and I WILL be getting some sort of refund....hey maybe I can score a free Field Journal. HAHA... Good Luck To You All. 
Although my 3 1/2 yr old loves this belt, it barely fits him. It only fits him if he wears it under his shirt as big as it will go. In fact, my 1 1/2 year old wears it very close to the edge of the velcro. The smallest setting of the velcro barely fits our teddy bear. Also the magnifying glass does not actually magnify at all, and the compass is just a sticker of a compass face. My son loves it for the brief time it sort-of fits him, but I am disappointed with the quality, and the size 
I brought this because  my kids love spongebob & ice cream..perfect toy, right? WRONG!  The ice cream oozes out of all of spongebob's cracks leaving most of it on your table and very little in the cone.  We have to use half a container of ice cream just to make 2 small cones and then I have a huge mess left in the kitchen. 
This thing took about 6 hours to build.  The directions are terrible and extremely difficult to follow, but I figured it was worth it because it just looks so cool.  Unfortunately after completely assembling the thing and flipping the switch the motor, on fresh batteries, didn't have enough power to lift the ball the almost 6 feet consistently.  We spent as much time trying to get the motor to do what it was supposed to as we did building it.  Ours also came with a special ball that had a skateboarder inside.  He looks really cool, but the motor never was able to lift him more than about a foot.  I love KNEX, but this set is a DUD 
Not sure what happened, but I received my daughter's gift in the mail today. There were no penguins in the box, and but the packaging looked original with no tampering. Beware, if you're ordering from Imaginarium! What a disappointment this was for us 
We've had a number of Gazillion bubble machines. The first - this one, with an upright rotating set of bubble wands - worked relatively well, but stopped working after maybe a dozen uses.  (Granted, one of those uses was for a few hours).  When the level of liquid is low, the machine stops making bubbles since it has to pick up enough liquid to cover the wand.  We replaced it the next year with the Typhoon machine - this was awesome, produced a huge quantity of bubbles and worked more reliably since the bubble liquid is sucked up and put on the wands, no matter how low the supply of liquid.  It has a large reservoir at the bottom so you don't need to fill it very often - it takes a lot of liquid though.  Our issue now is getting the liquid.  Gazillion liquid does produce the best bubbles - they last well, etc. etc. etc.  HOWEVER, very few stores stock the liquid, and except for when I first bought the first machine, no-one stocks large size bottles.  Even the online vendors like toys.com who are supposed to have them, never have them in stock (I've been on their notify list for a long time!)  I've ended up buying from someone in Canada on eBay - otherwise, buying the smaller bottles at ToysRUs, Target, etc. is just too expensive.  Both of these machines don't really work if you try other bubble liquids - other liquids (especially the cheaper kinds in very large size bottles) are much thinner and the liquid drips right off the wands before it has a chance to pass by the blower part to make any bubbles.  We're planning to start making our own bubble liquid and hopefully that will cover us.  Otherwise, the machines are useless now. 
Like all other sy - it stops working after a few uses and even when it did work the bubbles were NOT a plenty. People seem content on buying again after it breaks, but it would be nice for it to have some durability. It is better than blowing the bubbles yoursel 
I purchased this for my eight year old niece. We were both disappointed when it broke after only two weeks.  Be prepared to have limited options for fun without downloading it on your computer. The program takes up a lot of memory on your computer's hard drive 
I hate Monopoly, but loved the idea of making my own game board. Sadly, MYOO had so many limitations! I gave it a higher ED rating because you can turn the game into an educational one, but it isn't intrisically educational. It doesn't print out spaces with color bars, just little green squares that you glue on the board below the pre-printed color bars. The background on everything you print is School Bathroom Green. You are stuck with Lotto squares on the board (bad for me since I believe gambling is evil). And you only have twelve Good/Bad News cards. I liked making my own money, though. I figured out how to do most of the same stuff in Word. Here's how: I took the board from a "Your Town" clone of Monopoly and measured between the big squares. I think the individual squares are 2.5 by 3.5, but it doesn't matter, since your board may be different. In Word, I used a legal-sized paper (I think that's A5 for you Brits) and made a table that was nine columns that's how many are on my board) and two rows. Then I messed with it to get the proportions correct. You can fit three rows on one sheet of legal paper, if the return is really small, like 5 points. That gives you space to cut.  To get color bars, get your cursor in the top row. Type any letter. Then highlight it, go up to "format" and click on borders and shading. Click on shading, click on a color, then make sure it says "cell" and not text or table. I use only 15 percent for most colors. Click on OK and you should have a color bar. Type in whatever text you want. Then click below to type in your property name. On printing, I found the last squares were outside the printing range, so I will only have eight squares next time and will print a separate sheet for "railroad" squares. The corner squares are about 2.5 inches on my board. I would recommend you make them bigger, then trim to size, so you won't have any dead space on your board. Cut and glue to a board you picked up at a thrift shop or yard sale and painted or covered. The property cards. These were actually easier than I thought. Make a table one column wide and two rows deep. Make it fill the whole page. Color as above, and type in whatever you want. When you print them out, print out 8 or 16 pages to a sheet to get cards. For chance and community chest ... well, what I came up with was using mail merge and a shipping label template. You just print out on regular card or paper, and cut. The data file used for the merge would have your classy one-liners. I don't know about putting graphics in. Also, I can't figure out how to use merge. I did it once but can't figure it out now. Money I haven't been able to do. I have QuarkXpress and Adobe Pagemaker but don't know how to use either program. Plus, I wanted to make the money in Paint or something simple. Hope these directions help someone 
My title says it all.  The black balls fell off of the sticks within a couple minutes of normal use; therefore the toy was also a choking hazard.  The balls wouldn't even glue back on effectively because the ball openings were clearly too large for the sticks they were matched with.  Cheaply made and potentially dangerous 
Here's a quick primer for parents looking to buy science kits for the early grade school set (i.e., K - 3rd).  Every science kit, including this one, basically tells you to mix vinegar with baking soda and "Voila!" you made a volcano.  Nevermind that in later years some kid will go hiking in the crater of Mt. St. Helen's during an eruption thinking it is just harmless cooking products.  Use safe chemicals to make scientific changing colors? You guessed it -- food dye.  All these kits basically include a set of plastic test tubes and instructions telling you to open your kitchen cupboards.  Back in the Middle Ages people who sold this kind of hokum for the price it now commands were called alchemists.  They eventually went out of business.  Buy the kid a Suzukie violin or a football helmet instead 
I bought a pair of these phones for my 6 and 4 year old daughters because they love to play on the cheap phones that we were buying them from the Dollar Tree. When i first saw these and realized that they could call each other and take pictures I decided to give them a try. I have two complaints with this product. One, the battery life with constant use is like 1 hour and that was with the top of the line energizers and I could'nt get one of the phones to communicate. The pictures are a little grainy but what do you expect with a play phone. 
We bought these skates for our 5 year old. She could barely skate in them. They are too big and bulky for children just learning to skate.  We returned them and have yet to find another pair 
After the safe arrived my son was very excited to use his new toy.  Unfortunately, one of the key features the toy promises, setting your own secret code/combination to open the safe does not function.  Neither he or any of the three adults in the room were able to reprogram it to the numbers he chose.  He was very sad about it but after waiting so long for it to arrive by mail, would not return it.  Since it arrived at my home I have researched other reviews at Amazon.  You already have product reviews stating the same complaint.  This is not an inexpensive toy and it does not work as promised.  It should be taken off your item list until it has been fixed.  As it stands Amazon is selling a low quality item to young children and parents who are very disappointed. 
We purchased two of these safes for our daughters for Christmas and they both broke within 3 weeks.  Don't waste your money!!!! 
A torture device disguised as a toy. How would you like to spend all day playing on the stairwell? Might as well go lick some dirty socks. I think my dog actually used to drag its bottom along the stairs to relieve a recurring rash. Hey, Ma, why does Slinky go down but not up? Who's the genius who found this at the scrapyard? Most toys in the 1970s relied on mankind's perverse craving for repetition and/or irritation 
As soon as I got it out of the box and put the batteries in, it didn't work at all. My husband checked it out and we noticed that the plastic was out of place and the little motor fell out of it's place. Well my husband clicked everything bak in place and the darn thing still wouldn't work. We returned it the next day and got our money back. Didn't even bother for a replacement because is so flimsy we were afraid of getting another one just like the first one. In ALL it was a great dissapointmen 
This is a horrible edition of this game.  It has a limited amount of games and it doesn't play like the TV game at all.  Save some money and buy the old boxed editions from [...] or get the newest version...you'll like it a lot more. 
3 of my friends' sons have had this tractor. All 3 have complained of the tires popping right off, exposing the wire that connects the 2 together. I figured maybe it was because they bought them from another retailer or something, maybe rough housing? Though our sons are 2, they're truly not rough with these much cherished Cars toys! :) Anyway, bought mine from the Disney store for [...] 2 days later, after watching my son simply watch the movie w/the tractor, play randomly w/it- nothing crazy- the tire popped right off. Thank God I noticed before my other son, who is 15 months old! Good luck with this one- I'm on my way to write the company on this disastrous & dangerous product- don't purchase is my advice, unless you want a sort of rental toy (it WILL break within days 
I bought this puzzle for my kid after he solved the original cube.  I had read the review here and other places stating that one needed to be cautious when turning the puzzle.  However, our major problem with it was that the orange stickers (within ten minutes of playing with the cube) began to peel back and fall off.  We tried using glue (they had no stick to them) to put them back but it was not long after that the green stickers began curling back and falling off as well.  The major problem is that these turned out not to be "stickers" after all, but rather colored squares of vinyl adhereing to additional stickers beneath (all white) by means of static.  They fall off easily.  This is a nice puzzle for show (impressive on the desk) but not for actual continued use.  Hopefully, Rubik's can use proper stickers or adhesive in the future and maybe even tighten up the design so that this can be used as a fun puzzle 
Great company - Terrible toy.  My daughter got this toy for Christmas and waited all day for daddy to bring home the 4 C batteries which were not included.  She was excited until we turned it on.  1) the frame is not secure and will open when you reach into the middle to change the picture disk.  2) the light is not very bright and will not work in mid-day light. 3) the image is quite small - only takes up the middle 3 inches of the paper - not even close to what is pictured on the box.  4) the clamps that hold the paper are not easy for tiny fingers to use.  5) because the small picture is in the middle of the page and the clamps are on the far edges, you can't shift the paper to re-use the paper.  You get one tiny picture in the middle of standard size piece of paper and its a waste.  The chalk board was fine - but the whole piece slides across the table when you push to draw.  Big disappointment.  Get some washable markers and some tracing paper and don't waste your money on this suprisingly junky toy 
I have the same review as the rest.  Thankfully, we checked it out after we bought it and were able to return it for another model before Christmas.  The remote control Lightning McQueen with the regular controls (one lever for forward and back, another lever for right and left) was an excellent alternative.  I would recommend it for any child over about 3 1/2. 
I WAS TORN AT WHAT REMOTE CONTROL CAR TO BUY MY 4 YEAR OLD SON.  THE SALES CLERK AT THE DISNEY STORE COULDN'T SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS CAR, MY SON IS A HUGE "CARS" FAN--I WAS SOLD!!  IT NEVER WORKED, IT JUST JERKED A LITTLE BIT!  MY 2 YEAR OLDS FISHER PRICE CAR WORKS A LOT BETTER FOR A THIRD OF THE PRICE.  NOW I GOT THE BOYS FIGHTING OVER THE BABY CAR AND DON'T EVEN ASK FOR LIGHTNING MCQUEEN.  I AM GOING BACK TO THE STORE AND GET MY MONEY BACK.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS TOY!!  THANK YOU. 
A one star rating for this toy is way to charitable. The car does nothing but jerk, and thats only when repeatedly hitting the button. Disney should be a shame of themselves for marketing this toy! Surely they had to have an idea about their product's poor performance. My advice is everyone should print off the reviews from Amazon and all like it. With this in hand, march into Disney stores and demand (1) their money back (2) an apology. The only thing less reliable than this was my 1991 GMC Jimmy 
My son waited 8 hours to play with his "Lighning Mcqueen" only to be disappointed. This thing is way to expense to only jerk around my kitchen floor!  My only hope is I can return this dumpy car because my son tore into the box with excitement!  Shame on Disney.  DO NOT BUY 
This toy is a piece of junk. I can't believe Disney actually did any testing whatsoever on this toy. An adult can't even get it to work. The car is supposed to sense the infrared light in front of it and follow, but all it does is jerk forward a teeny bit and then stop. If anything, it senses when the light clicks off and then it jerks forward a little bit. We read the instructions and saw that the car does not work well in bright lighting conditions so we took it down to the dark basement (as if my son should actually be expected to only play with this car in the dark!) but it didn't even work there.  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT on Christmas morning that we had to wait 8 hours for it charge, and then even BIGGER disappointment the next morning when we finally got to play with it and it didn't work. DO NOT BUY THIS TOY 
We bought the watch for our 8-year-old granddaughter for Christmas. It ran for about a month then stopped. I tried a new battery twice new but no luck. Cute wristbands, nice concept but the watch itself doesn't make the grade. 
Within the first hour of buying this product the second hand broke off and caused the hands not to turn.. was very flimsy and not well made.  I would not recommend this product to anyone unless you enjoy dissappointing your children!!!!! 
While I certainly didn't expect these drum sticks to be whisper-quiet, I found them to be quite loud for little kids' ears. And there was no volume control. Also, I was hoping for a more authentic drum sound that I have found in other toys. I returned them 
If you are a picky mom like me...i.e you DO NOT let your child watch "sponge bob" or "Scooby Doo" and you maybe even read Mothering Magazine, DO NOT get this book. I didn't feel the jokes were appropriate, I guess I am a bit of a nerd about these things. It isn't funny to have a headless man poor beer/ale down the "hole" in his neck. They discussed murdering Shrek (hey leap pad, not age appropriate!!!!), and I didn't like to see "human" Shrek in chains fighting to get free (nor did my son). They have "ugly" phrases that could have been more kid friendly, my son pointed out the ugly phrases, and snarled his nose at them saying "Mom, that was UGLY!". I was dissappointed with this book, and I am taking mine back to the store. I really like the leap frog system, even though I don't normally buy toys that require batteries...i.e the toys do something for the kid, instead I normally buy "old fashioned" natural toys where my son has to make the toys do stuff (blocks, leggos etc) BUT I REALLY love this system. It is a treat for my son to have an electronic toy so he really gets into Playing it and of course "accidently" learning. I also didn't like the Hop on Pop leap book for similar reasons, even though the Dr. Suess part was great, the leap pad people added unneeded "ugly" phrases again that were just NOT age appropriate. Although I did like the minimal writing on most of the Dr. Suess pages. I do like the regular "Leap" ones...moss lake etc, and the honey pot one with pooh bear. Sorry to be so picky, if you are not picky you will probly like this book.  
Ok so my daughter was 2 3/4 and not 3 (toy rated for age 3), but she loves Elmo and loves playing with this toy. It is somewhat loud an there is no volume control. Also after 4 months of use the pen stopped working, rendering the toy worthless. Also the binding is weak and my daughter has torn the sheets with normal use. So fun toy while it lasts 
As the other reviewers stated, it's difficult for my 5 & 2-year-olds (& their Mommy) to figure out.  Also, it's made of a very cheap, flimsy plastic -- which seems to be the norm for a lot of the Hot Wheels tracks, etc. Terrible truck with such great potential 
Our 3 year old son just loves Hot Wheels cars.  This transporter, however, is not one of his favorites.  It's easy to see why.  The back is difficult to lower, with it being controlled by a very small button on the bottom of the trailer.  Who ever thought of this design for a child?  It's also very easy for the child to accidentally get his fingers caught in the trailer when lowering it.  The cones and barrels are easily lost and the storage of them in the trailer is badly designed.  They have a small piece of plastic that "locks" in the barrels or cones which is impossible for a child to figure out.  I'd recommend passing on this toy if you have a child in the 3-5 year old range. 
My grandson loved this toy because of the sounds and the lights.  A month later it wasn't working at all.  We thought it was the batteries and changed them, but sure enough nothing was working.  We called Tonka and then they passed us off to the company that manufactures them...P.S. I still haven't heard from them and it's been almost 5 months.  It's not worth the money!  I highly recommend you buy some other brand of firetruck for your lil'firefighter 
My 9-yr old received this toy as a birthday present. Of course it looks COOL.  Against my better judgement of immediately returning it, we opened, played for 10 mins, got frustrated, and will now return it.  The boys were VERY patient adusting the straps properly to their bodies (it took 20 mins).  Seems like good quality wiring - I was afraid they'd pull at it while strapping in, but it didn't.  Must stand 10 feet away from each other (a good thing!).  The punch/block sounds are cool, but the boys got very confused trying to figure out who scored, what the lights on chestplate meant, etc.  It's possible that you must go slow and perhaps wait for 1 player to throw punch.  Then block.  Difficult for excited boys to be so choreographed and patient!  Block with opposite hand of partner's throwing punch hand WHILE squeezing a button on palm strap of your other hand.  There's some maneuvering to get used to.  But within 10 minutes, all sound/power went down, and we couldn't get it to recharge/work again.  It's supposed to recharge quickly so I don't know what the problem is.  Instructions say when nothing happens, change batteries...but 10 mins into game?   Hmmm.  Too frustrating for all the effort 
I just purchased it for my 3 year old granddaughter for Christmas. My kids played with it 30 years ago and loved it!  I am so disappointed to read these negative reviews on it now. PLEASE...someone say something good about it!!!  I hate thinking that I wasted my $$$!! 
My kids really liked it until it broke the next day. There was nothing we could do to fix it as it had an electronic problem 
We bought this for our kids for Christmas. Of course we open the box on Christmas Eve at 10PM to put it together and there are no instructions! It looks easy but without instructions we are not sure about the pins etc. Could someone post the phone number of the company so we can call them. Tomorrow morning should be interesting! Merry Christmas... 
My daughter loved this toy but the microphone stopped working within a week of using it.  Now we are shopping for a wireless microphone 
The "microscope" never worked at all. It is cheap plastic and very badly made. You get a few small pieces of indicator paper and a few bags of baking soda, citric acid and gelatin plus one prepared slide you will not be able to view with the "microsope".  Very disappointing. The Discovery Channel kits are better value. Don't waste your money on this kit 
Extremely disappointing. Bought the toy for my son for Christmas. It didn't come with the battery ($30 extra) and the battery is still sold out everywhere, including online, almost a month later.  Don't bother. There are lots of other great RC toys out there 
It wroke 2 minutes later after openning, my husbund try to fixed but surprice all the inside partes are "plastic" you can`t fixed. DO NOT WAIST YOUR MONEY 
TALK ABOUT A WASTE OF MONEY.  FIRST OF ALL WHAT IS TYCO THINKING.  $70 FOR THE TOY AND YOU HAVE TO BUY THE BATTERY PACK SEPARATELY?!?!?!  NOT TO MENTION I COULD NOT FIND THE BATTERY PACK ANYWHERE.  ALL THE STORES WERE SOLD OUT. ALL WEB SITES (TOYS R US, KAYBEE TOYS, ETC) WERE SOLD OUT.  ALL OTHER SITES (SPECIALTY HOBBY SHOPS) HAD THEM AT RIDICULUOUS PRICES, WHICH DID NOT INCLUDE SHIPPING.  I FINALLY FOUND IT AT AMAZON.COM AT A REASONABLE PRICE AND I OPTED FOR THEIR FREE SHIPPING WHICH TOOK LONGER THAN I WOULD HAVE LIKED BUT AT LEAST THEY HAVE THAT MONEY SAVING OPTION WHICH HELPS.  MY SON PLAYED WITH IT ONCE AND HATED IT.  IT WAS HIS # 1 CHOICE ON HIS X-MAS LIST.  TALK ABOUT A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT FOR US BOTH 
  I purchased this for about $20.00.  And I followed the directions carefully. Despite that, a coin slipped into the mechanism.  There was no way to remove it, even though I tried that as carefully as possible. I threw the device in the trash.  I did keep the plastic tubes that the holds the coins, and I now separate coins by hand. The advantage of the tubes is that they hold exactly the right number of coins, so you avoid counting them 
I had this this a couple years ago and it kept jamming on me 
I recently purchased this pad set for my #22 Radio Flyer Wagon, but had to send them back.  If you check the Radio Flyer web site, you'll notice that the #22 Wagon sides only have two wide slats.  When I received this pad set, I noticed the picture on the package shows a wagon with three narrow slats.  The loops to attach this set of pads are intended to be affixed to the center slats.  Since my wagon only has two slats, and they are wider, the loops were in the wrong spot and weren't big enough to fit around the slats on my wagon.  I'm only guessing, but I think these might be for an older model of wagon 
Just received my Original Big Wheel for my son and the axle that holds the back wheels on is not in the box.  I call customer service and left a message on their recorder that the part was missing.  Went to the website for faster service................ After you fill out the information, it tells you that you will have to wait 3 or 4 weeks due to high demand.  Try telling this to your kid when he is watching feverishly as you open the box.  Looks like the parts were just thrown into the box without proper packaging.  Thumbs down until I can get the parts to repair 
My son expected the tie to be maroon and it is definately purple so we were extremely disappointed and returned it! Amazon was VERY prompt in refunding out money 
This "game" is so disappointing. My nephew loves Spiderman. He needs fun and subtle cues to stay engaged. He was so excited to get this his first LMAX cartridge we could barely get the box open fast enough. We popped it in and had to wait until the commercials or very long intro completed. Then we had to blindly navigate through the screens to get to games. They were NOT intuitive and then THUD. He lost interest and has not returned to the LMax since. What an absolute waste of money. 
I played this at a friend's party, and it was a wretched party game. It basically consists of a person reading the puzzle in a monotone voice and allowing everyone else to attempt to figure it out. It is incredibly monotonous, and a throughly awful game to play at a party.  I admire its cleverness. It took a lot of creativity and know-how to make up these challenging puzzles. But for the sake of all your guests, I emplore you: Hide this boring game. Hide it as well as possible.  The painful thing is that out of a choice between Mad Gab and Lost: The Game my friend chose Mad Gab. It's sad, really 
What a disaster.  It takes too long.  Then you get a tiny gross little blob of "cotton candy".  It is quite a mess to clean.  Then the kids will cry because it is not at all what they expect and are so disappointed.  My 5 year old wants to know how Santa's elves made such a "stinky, bad toy".  Expect to be disappointed with this one 
We used the machine once, and were disappointed by the performance.  The second time that we attempted to use it, it wouldn't heat.  After contacting Roseart, I was told that I could ship it to them at my expense for a replacement.  I will probably not bother, as it was a lousy product to begin with. 
It was neat to be able to make "cotton candy" at home, however, the machine only makes a very small amount at a time, so it is a lot of work for not much enjoyment. It takes an adult to run the machine and watch over it since it gets hot. then it cools for almost 10 minutes. It doesn't even come with the sugar needed! The product should list it on the outside of the box..sugar not included! then you have to clean it (ADULT only)It would not buy it again.This review will not mark a 1 for educational value. It keeps giving it a 2 and I put a one (FYI 
I bouht this object and I think I would of rather bought a doll or something. I brought it home and it didnt work at all so we returned it and the next one was worse!! We folloed all the instructions and the sugar that we poured in didnt stick to the stick. even worse, the store wont let us return it because they say thats how they all work. 
it makes cotton candy in 30 minutes because  it has to warm for 10 minutes then it have to put put the suger in the middle then wait til becomes webby then wait agian to turn it off.  PARENTS THIS MACHINE DOSEN'T WORK ONLY MADE WITH SUGER THATS ALL IT IS AND ALSO IT TAKES FOREVER ? THINK BEFORE YOu BUY  YOUR CHILDREN WILL GET CAVITIES YOU WILL ALSO SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS INSTEAD OF FOOD OR OTHER NEED    
With five kids under the age of 9 and four Leapsters in the house, there is rarely a time when someone isn't playing one (if not all!) of them. We have about 10 of the cartridges, and this was the most disappointing (followed closely by Spiderman). There simply isn't enough for them to do with it. The beauty of the Leapster is the ability to interact with the games, and learn while they do it. Watching a video on a 2 inch screen just doesn't cut it. 
Purchased these diapers(6/pack) and was blown awary at the cost. Took the advice of other reviews and purchased "premee" diapers.  Try to cut the cost and maybe other Moms and Grandmas will purchase your product 
Battery is way overpriced. Contact Battery Store near you! I did and found this same exact battery type(2-6volt Batteries) for much less. While there they told me I could use a low amp 12v Deep Cycle battery instead. It did take some time wiring (FUSED LINK IS A MUST) but is well worth it. Lasts all day and you can charge it at a 2 amp "trickle charge" with a "amp selectable" car battery charger. All told it cost me less than $60 for everything. It now longer just "Takes Up Space" 
Let's see. You need two different batteries AND two different sized screwdrivers. So after buying the 9V for the remote control and searching for a long enough screwdriver to open the bus to put in the double As... I turned it on.  *HONK!*HONK!*  It's loud. Really loud. Ugh 
My 3 year old has 8 Vsmile games and this is his least favorite. His top 2 favorite is Toy story and Winnie the Pooh 
I loved the concept of the markers. However they have left a greasy stain on my daughters clothing!! The package said that they didn't stain! I called and they gave me a long process to try and remove including Tide with Bleach..Is that one of their subsidiaries? I was very disappointed 
MY GIRLS GOT THIS PUZZLE FOR CHRISTMAS. THE FIRST TIME THEY WERE PLAYING WITH IT I NOTICED SOMETHING IN MY DAUGHTERS MOUTH. THE ITEMS THAT WERE ON THE PUZZLE PIECE HAD CAME OFF WHICH HAD A SCREWS AND WASHERS THAT WERE HOLDING THEM ON. THREE OF THE FIVE PUZZLE PICECS HAD THE ITEM COME OFF AND WE HAD ABOUT TEN SCREWS AND TEN WASHERS. THEY ARE SUCH SMALL PIECES WHICH I WAS SO SHOCKED THAT THIS PUZZLE WAS EVEN MADE THIS WAY. I JUST WANTED ANY PARENT WHO HAS THIS PUZZLE OR IS THINKING OF BUYING IT TO BE CAREFUL AND MAKE SURE THE ITEMS ARE ATTACHED TEH CORRECT WAY. I HAVE CONTACTED CONSUMERS AFFAIRS TO LOOK INTO HAVING THIS PUZZLE RECALLED. HOPE THIS WILL HELP ANOTHER CHILD FROM BEING HURT 
I agree with the other reviews.  My four year old received the ranch as a birthday gift - none of the pieces stay together - at all.  How do you explain why the gate won't hold together - why the horse won't stand up, why the barn doors keep falling off - and what do I say to the gift giver when they see it 
What a super-cheap rip-off of the original Rubik's Cube that was introduced to us in the mid-'70's. Seems like every doctor's office, break room,friend's basement,etc. had one of these cubes to kill time with. Main reason that I, personally didn't like this modern version was that after the first day or two, the colored stickers start to peel off. The Rubik's Cube HAD it's day. In this high-tech age, I cannot see many kids having any interest in this item. They might actually have to 'use' their brain. PLEASE don't bring back the Pet Rock 
We got this when our son was about 4 months old and at first he did love it. There was a slight rubber\plastic smell with everything in the Tub Time tub but we thought it would fade with time. Well six months later the smell was still there and our son ended up stop playing with most of the bath toys except the squirting bath buddies.We did all the precautionary steps to keep the bath toys clean yet they grew mold in a very short amount time.  The Playtime tub toys were good except the teething sailing boats which also had the rubber smell. Plus the stacking tubs do not make practical storage because the lids are too flimsy.  There are some good points with this product but I feel it is not worth the $35 price tag. Guess that's why it was on clearance at the store. It was the combination of quality and price that made me give it only 2 stars. 
I bought this toy for my sons 3rd birthday. He likes it, but the bean bucket is really light and only takes one or two beans to tip it. He does not seem to mind because he is so young,but as he gets older I do not think this will be one of his favorites. I have a feeling this one will be sitting in the closet 
This item was not at all what is seems to be.  The box was the only durable part of the toy.  I unfortuantely purchased 3 of these as Christmas gifts for 3 different boys ages 5 & 6 years old.  After seeing them open and what was in the box, I was very disappointed 
My 6 year old son wanted this SO badly from Santa.  Well, he got it and it is sitting in his bedroom and has been there since the 28th of Dec.  What was a fun attention grabber initially became a boring, furry annoyance rather quickly. It is cute but there are several things that I (and my son) found wrong with the product. When he is supposed to be sleeping his eyes don't close all the way...kind of creepy especially for something that looks so real! Then his arms that move up and down and are supposed to close in an attempt to give you a hug make a HORRIBLE grinding noise!  My son was shocked by the grinding and got upset that his monkey was broken. I explained it away by saying that he probably just needed a backrub.  What else are you going to tell a child on Christmas morning when his first choice present turns out to be a bummer?! Cute toy in theory, not so much in person though. I would not recommend this toy 
This pirate chest is a total rip off.  The chest is cheaply made and the contents inside are minimal.  When I ordered it as a gift for someone, they sent me someone else's order....then refused to let me return my item for a refund when I finally received it.  The company was very rude and not helpful in the mix up at all. 
The game has a nice concept, IF IT WORKED. I've been trying since christmas(over 3 months) to connect this game to the internet to update it for my kids and finally was able to update the firmware today. Something that you will have to do to be able to get to the virtual worlds,BUT THE WEB SITE IS ALWAYS DOWN!!!!! EXPERANCING TECHNICAL PROBLEMS!!!  and the nice window that pop's up on the home page from the Chief, asking for suggestions goes to a bad link!!!  I only gave it 1 star because the review process doesn't have a 0 stars.  DON'T WASTE ANY MONEY ON THIS THING!!!! 
This product is a waste of time! Don't bother. The handheld game is entertaining for my daughter, but connecting it online via the website is frustrating to say the least! Once connected, we walked around the "virtual world" with nothing to do. It is too complicated for my 8 yr old to do alone. There are much better products out there for children that are similar, but easier to play with. I would suggest Webkinz or Neopets. These 2 sites are very kid friendly and have educational games to play, unlike the Muichiz site! Good luck.. 
This toy can't be unsed unless you go online and "update" it.  We have spent countless hours trying to "update" this toy - and ther is always a problem.  The website is down or some other technical problem.  Then IF the website is up - you go through the whole process and the toy still does not update - so it is unusable!  It is a complete waste of money 
Don't waste your time on this thing until they fix the bugs. We bought the Bratz one & it thought it was a Pawz when we took it online. After 10 or so total hours (Yes, I know what I'm doing) fighting it I gave up & took it back. Tech support is a joke. There's NOTHING in the manual or online help, only a link to tech support who sends the exact same auto response every time, and none of those responses addresses the issue. 
I purchased this for my eight year old niece. We were both disappointed when it broke after only two weeks.  Be prepared to have limited options for fun without downloading it on your computer. The program takes up a lot of memory on your computer's hard drive 
The seller shipped promptly but the merchandise disappointed ... materials/workmanship not so hot; my husband stuck his hand all the way through a side panel while setting it up.  Since there was no taking it back from our 2-year-old after he saw it, he now has a tent with an extra window in it.  Child is delighted with the toy, parent is not delighted with durability 
The parts of this set are not well made - light, flimsy plastic. The highlight of the set, the battery-operated hairdryer, worked for a few seconds and then never again, even with fresh batteries - I suspect due to poor connection. The cover for the battery compartment was badly made and didn't sit well. The rest of the items included are nothing to write home about either. I bought this for a Christmas present for my dd and sent it back for a refund 
The board for this game is a pain...half the time the tiles that cover the letters stick.  It takes forever and a day to look in the book, locate the letters' locations, and uncover them too.  I love Wheel of Fortune, but you're better off playing a computerized version where you don't have all the hassle 
I don't know who Dark Wolf is, but he must have shares in the company who makes these mini-rubber chickens.  These are some of the ugliest, cheesiest and most poorly manufactured novely items I have ever seen.  Do yourself a favour.  Get something else 
You'd be crazy to pay this price for a $3.50 toy. Don't support the greed of this vendor! Let him sit on these a while and you'll be amazed how quick the price will drop 
Do not buy at this price. Ridiculous!!!  Just bought this car on ebay for 8.99.  And bought another very rare one("Mr The King") for $10.00.  These sellers are nuts! 
All the above comments are SO TRUE! I can't believe the prices on Amazon. I too have been running back and forth to Walmart, Kohls, KB Toys trying to get the whole collection. I Am also missing Chick.. But, I won't resort to these tactics. The normal selling price is $3.99 - these sellers should be ashamed!!! 
Why Should I buy anything from Amazon when they Allow Price Gouging by third-party retailers 
FOR $50, THE SCANNER NEEDS TO WORK CONSISTENTLY.  WE WERE ABLE TO GET THE ORANGE JUICE TO SCAN 3 TIMES ALTHOUGH WE'VE ATTEMPTED TO SCAN EVERY ITEM PROBABLY A DOZEN TIMES EACH.  NOT ONLY CAN A 4 YEAR OLD NOT GET IT TO SCAN BUT NO ADULT THAT HAS TRIED CAN GET IT TO SCAN.  I CAN'T RETURN THIS ITEM QUICK ENOUGH.  WITHOUT THE WORKING SCANNER, I WOULD BE JUST AS HAPPY WITH THE $8 GENERIC SHOPPING CART THAT TRU SELLS. 
I recently purchased the Magic Touch N' Crawl Pooh as a Christmas gift for my best friend's 7 month old little boy.  I was so excited to read the rave reviews (with only one mentioning a mechanical sound).  To my dismay and disappointment when Pooh arrived and was started, he sounded like a car wreck was occuring every time he turned his head!  I was extremely disappointed and promptly returned him.  (I must note that Amazon.com does make returning a purchase extremely easy.)  Please be aware of this terrible sound that is much louder than the music that plays when considering purchasing this product 
i hate to write a bad review- i think it's actually the first one i've ever written. this was a gift from my husband's work christmas party for our 2-year old. the extension on the pole is a stiff plastic piece and doesn't stay extended so that you can catch the fish; it folds back on itself. so our son wasn't able to catch anything with it. it would be better if the extension didn't bend at all, but just stayed in one place, and even if it did that i wouldn't buy it. it's more fun to have a pole with a string so you can reel it in 
These are great little toys, and my three year old is obsessed with them! He's getting most of them for Christmas, but we've already bought him a few. They're die cast, so they are a good weight, but note that some of them have plastic pieces as well.  Even though I like these toys, I'm only giving them two stars. This is a horrible price!! I honestly bought Sally today at my local K-Mart, and it was on sale for $2.89 (normally $3.19). Now I know when items are scarce and in high demand their price goes up, but this is a crazy markup. I understand that this is a third party seller, but Amazon should note with their sellers that there is a difference between mark up for high demand toys and rip offs. I have purchased Chick Hicks ($9.50) and Lizzie ($5.00) off of eBay, but I've been able to find the rest of the cars at my local Targets, Wal-Marts, K-Marts, etc. It takes time and searching, but it beats paying these prices 
Although this new release from Barbie looks very much like the real life singer, the doll itself is not something I would recommend for a child under 12. The doll is dressed pretty sccantilly and is adorned with realistic jewlerly.  It also comes with a bracelet appropriate for a teen.  The short hair of this doll and tight clothing does not lend itself to childs play and is more suited to a serious doll collector or McBride fan 
I bought her because martina mcbride is my favorite singer and then my lil sis gotm madded and she chopped of the head  ~7 year old 
This lite-Brite is a piece of junk! Don't wast your money! Maybe if I weren't comparing it to the older one I would think it was ok but even then I am not sure. I loved my lite-brite as a kid and wanted to get my daughter one so she could have as much fun as I did with mine.This has not left the box since the first day. First all of the screens where you stick the pegs are white not black like the old one so without the refill sheets it is useless.Also without the refill sheets the pegs are too big and they do not stay in.This was very frustrating! Even with the sheets sometimes they still fall out! I am really unhappy with this purchase and I can usually find something about a toy I like but not this one. I just didn't want anyone to be deceived into thinking that the screens were black and you could  make your own "art" 
I got this for my 6 and 3 year olds.  They both really like it (3 year old needs help remembering which letter goes with which color).  Of course they used up the 8 designs in the first 2 days.  Hasbro.com does carry refill packs, but the website is so bad that it is hard to find them.  Don't bother searching on the word "refill"! There is a form you can print out and then mail in, but this is kind of ridiculous both in waiting and in price.  The form is under replacement parts, but it doesn't even identify what you are buying.  After digging around, I  deduced that it was refill sheets: I think 10 pictures for 6.99 including some bonus pegs?  There is an after-market web site where you can instantly purchase downloadable pictures 13 for 4.95, but you actually print them (including the black background!) on your own printer with your own ink!  Ouch.  Hasbro really disappointed me on this one.  They shuld have included at least 20 pictures with the item and should sell 40 packs replacements online for about 5.00.  Thumbs up to the toy.  Thumbs down to Hasbro.  Also, the light bulb on mine flickers all the time as if it is about to short out 
I bought LeapPad Plus Writing on impulse at the store, wanting to help my son with writing, phonics, etc.  He used it a few times, but I almost have to beg for him to use it...and that's sad. I wish I would have gotten the original LeapPad or perhaps even the Leapster.  For one thing, the book doesn't recognize all pencil movements. A child could make an incorrect number or letter, and it doesn't seem that the LeapPad would recognize it. Also, the child has to keep erasing over and over, providing limited usage.  Not only that, there are only a few books published with LeapPad Writing in mind, and the exercises are repetitive (e.g. writing the number 6 ten times).  I've bought quite a few LeapPad books and Quantum Pad books for my son, and he is just not interested after initial use. I'm sure he's learned a little bit of phonics using the phonics books and such, but I think he learns more from workbooks bought at a bookstore or a department store--and they're cheaper! Not only that LeapPad books are very short...much shorter than workbooks you can buy.  Considering that LeapPad books are usually around $15 a pop--and that Amazon doesn't carry/list them all and there is a VERY limited selection in Stuff Mart-type stores (at least, that's the case in my geographical area)--you may want to re-consider investing in the LeapPad system. 
Our family has the original LeapPad, and recently purchased a LeapPad Plus Writing.  I must say that there is no comparison between the two products, and the original LeapPad system is by far superior.  My kid love playing LeapPad, however the addition of a graphite pencil is a mess!  Once the pages are written on, you can never get them completely clean, and also younger kids have a hard time erasing it all together.  If we were to do it all over again, we would have purchased a second LeapPad system, and not bothered with the "Plus Writing" 
Just received one for my son's birthday. He loves it as he has a laptop like daddy. The quality is terrible, like another user's experience the right side of the device doesn't work properly and this is brand new. Apparently the sensors on the device don't line up properly with the go circles or volume icons on pages with them on the right side. I can't exchange it as I am not in the US so we can only play with half a book unless we experiment with finding where the right side sensors actually are. This of course is very frustrating to a 3 yr old as it really messes up alot of stuff. Also the type of pencil seems rally sharp and brittle for a 4 yr old.  PS the box says for 4-8 yr olds vs Amazons text of less than 4 by the manufacturer 
i though i hated yu-gi-oh because mostly everyone i played against summoned like a dark magician without even sacrificing  weird right :( so instead i bought the computer yugi the destiny 2 learn how 2 play im a very good duelist now  because i have 2 god cards obelisk and shining dragon so i bought this deck and i found this deck was unstoppable 
This is a great starter deck for any duelist.  With just a few booster packs this deck will become unstopable!  After only a few days of practice with this deck I had beaten all of my friends who had been dueling for months. 
My 2 year old already has the items on the puzzle pieces memorized after seeing them only 3 times.  Our version did not include the "5 ways to play" as stated on the box.  (I've requested a copy from Briarpatch.)  My 4 year old - who received the gift - lost interest after the first time he played.  Both of my boys LOVE the "I Spy" and "Can You See What I See" books.  This game just wasn't challenging enough for them 
My daughter (3 at the time) received this as a Christmas present and it took her all of 10 minutes to memorize where the pieces belong thus ending the usefulness of the game.  The game itself only comes with 12 puzzle pairs (24 total pieces).  I would avoid this game entirely. 
I gave this to my fiance for Christmas, who loves Sudoku and video games, so I thought it would be a brilliant combination.  He was excited, but has been frustrated by how not easy it is to play.  He can't always tell where the cursor is on the board, so if he sets it down for a minute, he can't see where's he's left off.  Then when he was playing in the semi-dark while we were on a train, he couldn't see anything either (backlight would be a nice feature).  It just seems this model is not designed very intuitively: he keeps wanting to press clear to change a number, but it clears the game.  all that to say, 2 million puzzles sounds great...unless it's too frustrating to play 
 This particular Sudoku handheld was not as expected. It has only basic functions and the person I purchased for said it is easier just to do Sudoku on line or in the newspaper or in a puzzle book. Really inconvenient functions. May be good for young children, but not adults 
I bought this for my daughter's 1st birthday after seeing an ad for the entire set of Chicco Happy Garden products.  My daughter loves the Little Tikes set that is at her daycare and this looked similar but much cuter.  The eggplant has been a bit of a disappointment.  She would sit on it and rock for a few seconds at first but would quickly lose interest.  Now that we have had the eggplant for 3 months, it has been completely shoved aside.  It just doesn't rock much.  I can't imagine a child over 1 wanting to play with it.  The eggplant has very little curve to it and is pretty boring. I would stick to the Little Tikes set. 
This is the grossest blob of sugary water ever to touch my lips! How could you make ice cream taste so rotten? Bat barf I say!! Even if it was good, it is much too great of a hassle! It took my Dad over 2 hours to put together, and what did we get?! A tablespoon of milky water with sprinkles on top! I got this hunk of junk 2 years ago, Christmas. It has gathered dust on my shelf ever since! 
the kid who wrote the 5 star reveiw is wrong. he needs to go to preschool. first, the pagages arent free, if they didnt come w/the maker no one would buy it. second, this kid says it cant get any better, but it cant get any worse!!!! the 1 star reveiws say to go to mc donalds if you want a mc flurry, but dont go there and support them thats just what they want you to do so they can earn more money!! go to DQ or just make one yourself. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PEICE OF JUNK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My daughter wanted this for Christmas more than anything.  But the doll is very difficult to use.  Suzie has these sudden shutdowns where she turns off for no apparent reason.  Then suddenly she'll come back to life later.  She "grows" almost instantly.  Despite my best efforts to try and protect the grow button.  I reset her constantly.  Getting her to do all of the fun "big girl" things she is suppossed to do  is frustrating for my five year old.  Essentially, I have spent more time fiddling with Suzie than my daughter has spent playing with her.  And the face paint came off almost immediately.  Even with the small amount of time that she has been working.  Perhaps when my daugter is a little older, she can spend time fiddling with her.  She does play with her as just a "baby doll" so it hasn't been a total waste.  But I certainly didn't need to spend the extra money for all of the electronics that don't work.  Oh, and sometimes I'll walk into my daughters room and she'll suddenly "wake up" and start saying MaMa.  Very horror movieish. 
I purchase this by the picture inside it shows little closet type places and a bar for hanging clothes, none if this is there, its cute but I would not recommand this procduct.  the picture of the inside is false. It's not even close. 
Thanks to those of you who reviewed this..I WON'T waste my money.  I too remember the good old days when the clasp was metal and you could load up the case and it stayed shut.  I'll stick to plastic tubs that click closed and allow you to see inside.  Too bad Barbie/Mattel is missing a great money-maker by going cheap on quality 
I purchased two of these cases for my daughters, ages 5 and 7, but we were all disappointed with them.  It supposedly holds 3 barbies and their accessories, but they are hard to close if you put that much stuff in.  They also come apart everytime the girls open them, and they are hard for the girls to put back together.  They are good for keeping all the little Barbie accessories out of the way.  I just wish they were better quality.  A friend of mine has a soft plastic case for her daughter (with a zipper), and she says it is great, but I have not been able to find that item anywhere 
I found this toy to be a waste of money.  It was hard for my five year old to close or put more than two things in it.  It says it holds three barbie's and cloths but then how do you close it 
My cousin bought this for my daughter thinking she would have hours of fun making braclets and necklaces. However, she can not even use the gift.  You need to buy the Totally Beadifully Jewelry Maker to use this kit.  No where in the online description of this toy on Amazon does it tell you this.  Toy is being returned b/c we don't have the bead maker 
All the cut shapes are the same, so it's very easy for my 3-1/2 year old to force pieces in the wrong place. The pieces also seem thin and flimsy. The coolest thing about the puzzle is the lunchbox/carrycase. All in all, the quality is much less than I expect from Ravensburger .  The Ravensburger "Thomas Giant Floor Puzzle (24 Pc)" is a far superior product, but no longer complex enough for my kid 
My 7 year old son received the Giga Ball for Christmas. It was a big hit. He and all of his cousins had a great time with it for several hours. Unfortunately, the very next day, it pretty much fell apart. I didn't expect it would last very long, but had hoped that it would last more than one day 
What a waste of time to air this up.  It developed leaks in less time to it took to enter the credit card info to order it.  This was the worst gift because it had such a high expectation but turned into the biggest disappointment.  The vinyl was so thin that rolling it over normal bermuda grass created holes from small seed pods and sticks.  Save your money.. 
This toy looks great in the ad but it took us 2 hours to blow  the dozen or so chambers up.  The instructions were terrible.  You have to force too much air into one chamber so that it will go into the next.  The chambers do not stay inflated and some don't work at all.  My son does still have fun with it but I wouldn't buy it again 
My son received this as a gift when he was 15 months old--He was already much too tall for the toy!  The box advertizes height adjustment, which simply allows you to lift it up about a half an inch.  However, even if he were smaller, the base does not even come close to providing the necessary stability to stand up to even a soft swing!  My son was amused by the lights and sounds for a brief period of time, but quickly lost complete interest in the toy. 
The only good thing about this kit is that your child can get some joy out of painting a few volcanoes on a cheap plastic sheet.  But the real promise of this kit--to see a model volcano erupt--may not be fulfilled.  We followed all the steps and got tripped by a poorly designed base (above mentioned cheap plastic sheet) that is extremely difficult to balance on 4 ill-fitting stilts.  A poor experience for the kids.  The eruption was more of a fizzle.  Waste of money and time 
My little brother received this toy as a present, and constantly had problems just keeping the toy together. He barely had any fun with it, since it fell apart most of the time. My brother is generally good with toys, and he has fun with practically anything, but this toy proved to be the exception. You could buy something much more fun for the same amount of money 
If you are planning on getting a good deck then do not waste your time with this..it has the essentials, sure, but your money is better spent at one of the 4 "STRUCTURE DECKS"!! They are much better than this..I can say so beacuse my sis owns this deck and I can beat her every time :) Konami needs to put some better stuff in this deck - like Senju of the Thousand Hands X 2. Also they need to take away the change of heart since it's "advanced" forbidden. but still, this deck deserves an OK rating since it has all the essentials..this is no better than the first yugi starter deck. So if you ALREADY have a starter deck, do not get this as it is not worth it - a lot of weak non effect monsters. 
I recieved the car and set it up according to the manufacturers  instructions and it didn't work! I contacted the manufacturer and they mailed me a shipping return label and I returned it to them. I am awaiting a new or fixed car back from them 
This car pictured could be a BASE or First Version defintely not worth 299.00 These are going for 100.00 and less on the web.   If you havent noticed the differences in the packaging it wouldnt suprise me. Lots of people dont notice. Heres the differences below...   On these 5 cars there is TWO versions of each driver(5 different drivers) that were made. First versions or BASE version and Second versions or "Added Features" Version.  The FIRST versions have NO "added features" stickers and you CANNOT race ANY TWO (or more) cars of the 5 different drivers' cars at the same time! Dale Sr. and Dale Jr.,  Jeff Gordon, Jimmie Johnson and Tony Stewart cars of the FIRST versions (no added features) CANNOT race together! Transmitter frequencys cannot be changed. Speed and steering are straight function. (no varilable anything) They either turn right FULL turn or left FULL turn or it goes straight. Speed is either it goes FULL ON or it doesnt. Same for reverse gear.   Again, each of the 5 different drivers' cars made are two different versions of the same car one has more features than the other.  UPDATED or "ADDED FEATURES" versions have "ADDED FEATURES" stickers.   Those "Added Features" are... Digital proportional steering (variable steering), which means you can turn the transmitter wheel slightly and the car turns a little. Turn the transmitter wheel alot and the car turns alot. Variable speed control  this means you pull back on the trigger a little the car moves a little, pull back on the trigger all the way and the car takes off! This also works for reverse gears as well  Now if this isnt cool enough...  Each "Added Features" car has  DIFFERENT Frequencies for different drivers' car.  The transmitters for the cars are different as well. "ADDED FEATURES" version transmitter has two "trim" adjustments on the back of the remote as well as the Frequency Chip on the side of the remote than can be changed, and can also be changed on the chassis of the car. So if you own 2 of the Tony Stewart cars, you would have to have a Frequency pack to race them at the same time. Now, two or more different drivers' cars can race together (or Five people can race 5 different cars). NO TWO ALIKE CARS can race together UNLESS you have the "frequency of another car and transmitter"  to change it, or a "Frequency Pack" from Team Up Inc.  ALL 5 Frequency Chips DO NOT come with the car in the box, off the shelf. This "Frequency pack" is sold seperately!  You can also purchase tires, suspension parts and body hold down clips, fully painted and ready to use new spare OR other drivers' teams bodies, extra rechargeable battery packs seperately!   I have done lots of research on these cars and should you have any questions please ask...nascarnbroncosfans@msn.co 
Anxiously awaited this very expensive box of cards mostly for the special insert cards but there was only the Autograph card and NO MEMORABILIA CARD. You cannot realize the disappointment one feels when this happens. You look and look, searching through the wrappers and identify each card hoping that you missed it somehow, but no. No Memorabilia Card as promised right on the box and in all advertised articles. Of course, the Topps Company doesn't have a website for me to complain to but this did turn out to be a surefire way to find another hobby!  Thanks. 
This toy does not work.  I do not recommend it.  There is no quality to the workmanship.  A total disappointmen 
This is not really a practical toy. My son gets discouraged, because you have to press on the keys really hard and in order to follow the music you have to be rough. It's like playing musical chairs with 5 bullies and a moving floor 
The doll is ok, not as good as one expect after seeing it online. Anyway, for 6$ (including shiping) is worth 
I had to return this product for my son because I couldn't get  his name which is unique. If they make a product they should have something on it to make unique names by typing it in if it's not on the list. I mean there are more and more unique name sout there and there sure will be more. If i was a rich person I am sure I could have had one made just for him. Get witht the real world people and make things so unique people can have things too. 
My 5-1/2 year old son received this for Christmas.  He loves pirates and legos, so it seemed a perfect fit.  We were wrong! The Mega Bloks are poorly made, and it's very difficult (even for an adult) to get the pieces to stay together.  Imagine how frustrating this is for a child.....we will never purchase Mega Bloks products again, we're sticking to the original LEGOs!  Nothing more satisfying than spending money on a gift that makes your child scream and cry in frustration...thanks MegaBloks 
I bought this as a gift for my nephew. Unfortunately it didn't work when it arrived, but fortunately my sister in law was able to take it to a local discovery store and exchange it for one that worked fine 
I bought these for my 13-year old niece, who loves percussion, and was so excited to get them for Christmas. They looked like a great buy.  Well, the disappointment was palpable two hours later. We got them hooked up, installed appropriate batteries etc., and the light was on, but we could not get any sound from the drumsticks at all. Which was a bummer, but OK, if we could simply either (1) get help or (2) easily replace them.  Nope.  The "instructions" were a tiny folded sheet of paper, there is absolutely no troubleshooting, no help, no nothing.  I went through everything that came with them but could find anything to help us on next steps or returns, etc.  I finally retrieved the original plastic packaging and found a URL in tiny letters for the company. But when I went there, the site again offered no help, tips, or troubleshooting (just a PDF of the really awful original instructions).  There is video on the website showing someone playing the drumsticks but this was no help to us in trying to troubleshoot (except to mildly disappoint my niece when she realized that you have to drum "in the air" to get the best results -- which we did try, with no luck or sound, again).  I next e-mailed the company and got no response. I e-mailed them again and -- seven days later -- the e-mail (in badly worded English) simply asked me if we had tried "plugging in the head phones." Seriously.  Anyway, do NOT waste your money. A terrible product, no support, and no recourse if it doesn't work as it should 
The videos are not useable except in the Leapfrog Leapster.  I did not know that until I received the order!  Thanks alot Leapfrog. 
The hide n seek care bear really wasn't all it was made out to be. My kids played with it, with my husband, on Christmas, and they all gave up after 5 minutes. It was giving out wrong directions, and just wasn't really a good substitute for a game of hide and seek. So my girls forgot about the remote control and play with the doll like it's an ordinary stuffed animal--an rather expensive stuffed animal 
Spongebob IS  making an obscene gesture.  Personally, I don't think it is an appropriate toy for children.  Anyone that thinks Spongebob is merely "pointing" a finger shouldn't be so naive as to how toys are marketed and the moral decline of our society!! 
It is just like Mr. Potato Head except not as many pieces.  There aren't very many options to dress SBSP, but he is always a fun toy.  After a year of play, he is a little torn at the edges, but overall in good shape. 
I should have paid more attention to the reviews. He is top heavy. There's also no way to store the extra parts like Mr. Potato Head. But I love Spongebob anyway and he's now a part of my collection. 
Kids played it one time and haven't touched it since.  Bought the extra tower attachment which was a complete waste of money.  
Well, the toy just does not perform the way it's suposed to. They don't fly high in the arena and hardly EVER knock eachother out as they are suposed to do. VERY unhappy with product. HUGE disappointment for my 6 and 8 year old sons! 
This is a cute idea, and a cute design, BUT! It is not realistic! When you put your babydoll inside, it takes a bit, esp. for a child to get the sling hanging around neck correctly and turned right, then, the poor baby doll falls, directly out of it, no back support on it, the only way she stays in is if your hands never leave her! So if the price, which is on sale right now, lures you, I would suggest an older child, rather than , say 3, or so, my 3 year old, doesnt like it, and for her abilities, I dont like it either, but now, my 6 year old, she can do it, when she is being patient enough! Only 2 stars given, for its cuteness and price at the moment, otherwise too difficult and unsupportive to suit my girls:) 
After reading the other reviews of this product, I felt confident enough to go ahead and buy it as a gift for an 8 year old boy. He is learning multiplication tables now, so I figured this was a great present.  Unfortunately, once the batteries were in, it kept malfunctioning and when the dials were twisted to 2 numbers, it would read out two totally different numbers and give their result instead of the 2 numbers the dials showed. We tried over and over to get it to work, but it is a DUD!  I live overseas so returning it is not an option I am willing to pay the extra freight/duty for. I bought another Leap Frog product at the same time that I have not given as a present yet, I really hope it works 
I purchased the Twist & Shout Multiplication for my grandaughter who is 8 years old.  She has not put it down since she received it.  However mine was malfunctioned and would not give multiple choices.  It would only ask the question and then gave the answer. She was hesitant to give it up when I explained I needed to exchange it for another.  This is the only toy she has that has held her interest for long periods of time.  She nows brags to friends that she knows her multiplication tables 
THIS GAME IS EDUCATIONAL BECAUSE U R ASKING QUESTION`S TO OTHER PEOPLEAND IF THIER WRONG THEY HEAR THE ANWSER ANYWAY SO I THINK U SHOULD BUY THIS GAME BECAUSE IT WILL TEACH UR KIDS ALOT.I WISH ALL U PARENTS AND CHILDREN GOOD LUCK 
I purchased two of these hand held Deal or No Deal games for my two 8 year old twin boys. The boys found that they had trouble indicating that they'd like to "Take the Deal".  When the pressed the button to say "Yes" to the deal, the game continued as if they said "No Deal".  They got annoyed, but kept on playing.  I tried the game, thinking that they did something wrong, but I also had the same problem.  I'm annoyed because the game was $20 each and I think it doesn't work properly! 
If you run a spellcaster deck, buy the good cards individually because in my opinion, I rarely get good cards out of this booster 
Education 5/5  This game is educational  1. Making friends 2. Adding, Subtracting, and Thinking 3. Having fun  Durability 2/5  They can get damaged easily  buy card sleeves  they are only $5.00  they can prevent $50.00 worth of damage  ~~~ABOUT THE CARDS~~~  There are monsters called amazons and when another one is on the field they can get stronger, master their true effect, and much much more.  This pack introduces us to counters.  Counters can be put on cards by an effect.  You can take away counters to activate its effect and you cand add counters until it has enough to use its effects.  When you use a magic card you cand put a counter on a card that can have them or put them on by a cards effect.  You can take counters off to use cards effects.   There are monster cards called Union cards.  Union monsters can equip to other monsters.  It will make the monsters stronger and give them great effects.  You can unite or seperate the monsters each turn.  There are cards that put unions together also.  You can make a magician deck. You can make an amazon deck. You can make a union deck. You can make a counter deck.  look at all the decks you can make outta this pack  ~~~Ratios~~~  rarity/identification/this many of these in this many packs/value  Commons/Not Shiny/8;1/worth $0.25 - $2.00  Rares/Silver Lettering/5;6/worth $2.00 - $5.00  Super Rare/Holo Picture/1;6/worth $5.00 - $20.00  Ultra Rare/Holo Everywhere/1;12/worth $20.00 - $30.00  Secret Rare/Glitter/1;228/worth $40.00 - $60.00  The ratios are based on how the companys put the cards in the packs.You are not garenteed a certain rarity if you buy a certain amount of packs 
~~~EDUCATION VALUE~~~  MAKE FRIENDS  USE YOUR BRAIN TO THINK  HAVE FUN  ADD AND SUBTRACT  ~~~DURABILIY~~~  THEY CAN GET DAMAGED EASILY  GET SLEEVES AND A DECK BOX   ~~~THE CARDS~~~  THIS PACK INTROPDUCES US TO  UNION MONSTERS - WHEN YOU CONNECT THEM TOGETHER THEY GET STRONGER AND NEW EFFECTS  SPEELCASTERS - CARDS THAT GO WELL WITH DARK MAGICIAN AND OTHER SPELLCASTERS   
Our daughter became this as she was a baby. We tried several time during her past 2 years if she would reach a moment to like it, but she always wanted to go out after 1 or 2 minutes. Maybe other babies are diferent, but I think its not the right material for such a playground. For a hot environment like ours in the south, it quickly gets very hot inside and you can not leave your baby or little child alone playing because of the plastic material that can be dangerous. We finally sealed the holes on the bottom and do not pump up the upper part so we fill it with water and use it as a litle pool, thats the only way for us to use it 
I was anxious to get this game for my daughter for Christmas, as she loves all princess things.  Unfortunately, the instructions were so confusing (do they even test these games?  with real people?), we quickly grew disenchanted with it, and tossed it.  Quality is not top notch, and the instructions and actual game concept are poorly thought out 
The product shown does not match the description.  It is NOT the Marble Roller Coaster Kit. Please fix 
Ok, maybe that's a bit strong, but this is hands down our most hated toy (by the adults, and the kids are plenty frustrated, too).  We received it as a gift (and WOW whoever would pay $35 for this is CRAZY.).  Our son is nearly five & needs help to load the truck, which has to be loaded fully to work without jamming; a time-consuming procedure, since the dominoes have to be loaded one-at-a-time.  The dominoes themselves are also almost too lightweight to stand well on end, and are prone to easy collapse.  After the initial newness wears off this toy is going to disappear, and that's something I've never even contemplated before 
The truck gets clogged up often, it is extremely difficult for our kids to load and they almost always require an adult to load.  The tower is decent, albeit, it doesn't quite work as advertised as well.  Our kids wound up just knocking down the dominos the old fashioned way.  I grew up in the "Domino Rally" days and compared to the original toys, these don't stack up.  The truck and tower just aren't worth it, you are better off buying a bag of dominoes and letting your kids make their own domino trails 
I was very dissapointed with the product, it was displayed as something that was simple to use and fun for all ages....I ordered 4 of them for my grandchildren and when they opened them for Christmas, we found that they were "clumsy" to use, the sound quality is poor at best, and they are made of hard plastic which is not particularly safe to be "whacking" on anything and everything as I was led to believe.  We are a musical family and therefore more inclined to try to produce music from various sources, but I am afraid this is not worth the money.  If I had opened them before Christmas I would have returned them, but it was too late so now they are stuck with them 
I had this sent to my little brother and they threw away the packaging before discovering that they recieved a broken unit, and of course they didn't tell me in a timely fashion.  Shoddy merch is not cool, anything we can do to swap it out is fine, but being over 30 days I guess you win 
I bought 2 pair and the light did not work on one pair at all and the light only worked on the other pair initially then stopped working as soon as the mask got wet (and never worked again). Very disappointing because they sounded like a lot of fun 
Although these keys are one of my 14 month old son's favorite toys, one of the buttons came off and fell into the shell of the remote control.  It was the larger button to turn on the light and he would have likey choked on it had it fallen into his mouth.  If you purchase these, be sure to supervise your child playing with them at all times!  However, I would suggest not purchasing them 
Please be careful and make sure you can see your baby when playing with these keys.  The plastic ring holding the keys can break.  We found the small broken piece in our baby's mouth!  We received this toy only three weeks ago 
Mixed low review-  The single biggest negative is the contrast/brightness level of the screen, which makes it near impossible to see except at certain angles and light conditions.  Unfortunately, that is a huge Achilles heal.  Otherwise, great electronics, features, and stylus operation.  I would try to demo this before buying since the screen issue could be a deal breaker (unless there is something wrong with mine, which I doubt, I would not buy this again 
My children have loved playing in this tent. I like it also because it is not huge and doesn't take up a lot of room, but it is also not made out of very durable material.  I picked it up to move it out of the way and it ripped.  It is easy to pop-up and down, just will probably not have a very long lifetime with kid's play 
Hideaway bought for my daughter who loves it.  Easily assembled, up within 60 seconds. I have noticed that there are two loops attached to the hideaway, presumably to tie some rope to them and then stake to the ground. There was no rope or stakes with the purchase, I am unaware if these should have been included. Two entrances into the hideaway, the front inverted T entrance is great. However, the rear is a porthole type entrance, not good for children when playing games as they can trip on the material in the bottom. Material not that durable, but with care there should be no issues. a lot bigger than it looks on the site, which was a nice surprise. 
I agree with all of the other reviews about this tent and its durability, however my daughter absolutely loves it.  First the three plastic sticks that come with the tent to hold it open broke and warped pretty quick.  I went to Home Depot and bought three wooden dowels for 79 cents each and cut them to the correct length and it works great.  My daughter uses this mostly inside and it is fine, when outside the wind and everything else did move it around.  I bought a 4 pack of plastic tent stakes from target for about $1 and put one in each corner to hold it in place, works great.  I think we paid $19 for this at Target and it definitely seems worth the amount of enjoyment my daughter gets.  If you are expecting a $200 high quality camping tent, you will probably be disappointed 
This item is too difficult for a six year old even though advertised as for 5-8 year olds.  You cannot return the item once opened, so do not order 
I bought this game on the fly cause the cover illustration looked so interesting that I couldn't resist. The instructions were a little confusing to understand at first, but once gameplay started it was picked up pretty easy and much fun was enjoyed by everyone. The game is geared for those ages 10 and up, but it was so easy to understand and so much fun, that my 8 year old neice was able to play without teaming up with an adult. The game promotes math skills which is a HUGE plus since many games today are only about fun. This game has it all, fun, education and the artwork on the cards is fantastic. When we played, we threw in chocolate gold pieces so we'd have real pirate plunder and everyone had to speak like a pirate. It's a really great way to spend quality time with your family and it's fun for all ages 
I have bought quite a few barbies from Amazon recently, including the caligirl series, fashion fever series, and barbie loves micky mouse. This barbie is quite different to all above. She does not have a rubber skin like others, so we may see her leg joints if she is wearing a skirt or shorts. Her foot is quite flat; only the slippers in this package fit her; all other barbies' shoes do not. I guess this "pooh" might be made with the "former generation" technology 
The tent is extremely flimsy, has no bottom to it and falls over all the time. It will not stand straight up. Could have bought a better child's tent at a cheaper price 
We received this item as a gift from grandma because my son loves barnyard animals, barns, etc.  He LOVES the tent; however, the construction was so poorly thought out that he cannot touch it without it falling over and collapsing on top of him!  There is no way to anchor it to the floor (weights, etc.) to keep it from toppling over.  The sides have no stabilization whatsoever.  The idea is super, but maybe they should consider more product testing to ensure its durability 
I was so excited to get the time tracker and am now so frustrated with it. The first one that I got did not work at all...they sent a second one and this one worked for less than 5 minutes (we tried 3 different sets of new batteries). It is such a great concept, but unfortunately is very poorly made. I was also surprised at how cheap looking the whole thing is in real life. 
If 0 stars were an option, that's what I would have given this awful product.  Doesn't work anything like they show on TV.  So sticky, messy, and slimy, and the smell is just awful.  I didn't even want my kids to touch it because of the terrible chemical smell.  I find it hard to believe they can label this product "non-toxic".  Total false advertising.  Do not buy this mess 
I bought the familiy fun pack ($65) from the ad on TV!  What a mistake!  When it arrived one tub was open and spilled all inside the box while another unopened tub was nearly dried out. No return label or customer service number was enclosed so I couldn't even return it! It is such a mess and smells like chemicals.  It stuck to a votive candle holder ok and it looks kind of cute but when you try to just mold it all it does is stick to EVERYTHING including your hands.  Some are really gooey like slimy paint while other tubs are nearly dry and you end up with micro-mini styrofoam beads all over the place and they sink down into the carpeting and won't come out.  Needless to say, it sat around for awhile until it finally made it's way to it's new home....the trash 
Do not waste your money. My son was so excited to get floam. He had been asking for it for a very long time. Finally I gave in and bought it. It is like little pellets in green slime. It is so wet and slimy that it is not possible to mold it into anything. And you can't stick it to anything like they show in the commercials because once you thouch it it is hard to get the slimy mess of off your hands. It is very messy and impossible to play with. The commercials are very misleading. 
My 3-year-old son liked Floam because of the goop factor, but unfortunately the goop the little foam pellets are suspended in seems to be a GREAT medium for growing MOLD.  This happened to us twice (despite clean hands/work space) so we gave up on it entirely.  I suggest you try PlayFoam instead.  It's also available here on Amazon, or at Lakeshore Learning Store (look for samples at the checkout for 49 cents!) Playfoam has a nicer consistency, less sticky (but still moldable) and no odor 
Am totally dissatisfied with ths wagon as it came dented.  The wagon is shipped in a cardboard box with no styrofoam or other packing - the wagon bed absorbs any impacts.  The parts are in the bed and there is cardboard to prevent scratching - there were no scratches and the finsih was nice.  The pacaging is totally inadequate.  I would return the wagon if time permitted.  I am glad that I am not giving it to a child as a gift.  Buy it where you can look it over first to be sure it's not damaged 
If one good thing can be said about Dread Pirate, it's that the physical game components reek of quality.  The cloth game board, glass jewels, metal coins, wooden dice and pewter game pieces all come together to give an overall sense of realism to the game.  It's a pity, however, that the game itself isn't nearly as exciting as the pieces.  Dread Pirate relies entirely on random dice rolls to determine every single outcome of the game.  To move from place to place, you roll dice.  To challenge another player to a "skirmish" (which is how you steal their treasure), you roll dice.  To steal jewels from an enemy's port, you roll dice.  To trade for jewels at a port, you roll dice.  There's absolutely no semblance of any real strategy in this game.  You win by accumulating the most treasure, and the amount of treasure you accumulate depends entirely on how lucky you are in your roll of the dice.  This game is not fun, and can even be frustrating, especially for a young child who keeps rolling low numbers.  There's SOME thinking involved...  you need to judge for yourself who you should attack and when, but even if you make the best possible strategic decision, you can still lose the die roll and end up empty-handed.  I would recommend Dread Pirate only if your family is specifically looking for a game where you don't have to think, and only if your children are mature enough to deal with bad luck (as good/bad luck is the only way to win/lose this game).  If you're looking for an enjoyable family game that everyone can play, I would very much reccommend Cranium over this.  It's less expensive, there's ALOT more to it, and it will have your family getting up, being active, and laughing out loud (instead of sitting around and rolling dice to determine the number of jewels you can take) 
You can't be serious.  We are not in the caveman era, you know. We have games to play that involve strategy. This game is pure luck - roll a die, roll a die, lose. It is like playing Roulette. Even Blackjack and Monopoly have choices. There is no way in which a "good player" can win in this game more often than a "bad player", as there is no way to be good or bad at this game.  We have eurogames. We have games that involve strategy. We do not need this baseless luckfest 
Our family bought this tank and we went through plenty of goldfish with it. We stopped buying when our 10 year old was using the scope to look at the fish. She was pulling it up and down and turning it and when she was finished, she put it down and saw that she had put it down on the actual fish. The fish was bleeding and died. The kids were not very happy. I guess this is an okay tank but not great. You might want to put only beta's in it. I would suggest getting something with a filter and heater if you want any other kind of fish 
It is a waste of money and a big disappointment.  I will be returning it. 
This machine does not work.  I will be returning it to find a better "first" machine for my daughter.  The stitiches do not hold, every instruction was followed to the letter.  It is not worth even 4 cents, much less 14 dollars.  I would have paid more for something that acutally works.  I'll keep lookin 
My daughter was very excited to receive this for Christmas, until she tried to change the thread that came with the machine.  It literally would not work anymore.  I tried everything.  Maybe it's defective.....but from other reviews I read, I think it's just a really bad attempt at a great idea. Too bad....she is very disappointed.... 
I got this for my daughter who will be 10 in Feb. She has wanted a sewing machine very badly. This one is made of cheap plastic, and no matter how many times we read the instructions and try to close the end, as soon as we remove it, it unravels. I think I'd spend more money and get something better. As my daughter says "It's very irriating." 
We purchased this for our daughter as a Christmas gift.  What a nightmare.  First of all, the scissors it came with...well let's just say my teeth cut better.  This scissor is so DULL we'd be willing to allow our three year old to handle it.  It cuts NOTHING.  This sewing machine comes with one tiny square of material, so you have to be sure to have material on hand if you want your child to actually attempt sewing something.  It's incredibly difficult and frustrating to thread the needle.  The stitches are way too loose and break apart at the slightest touch.  There is no bobbin, so there's nothing to hold your stitch together.  We wanted to make a simple little pillow for my daughter's dolls...wishful thinking!  The minute you attempt to turn your project right-side-out, the stitches come apart and you have NOTHING.  My daughter just walked away. We can't believe Singer would be the maker of this 1.99 piece of plastic. 
These were purchased for my Grandson for Christmas. They are hard to get on. Clumsy and don't have the effect they would have you believe. He never really used them and  a waste of money. They were useless and also very dangerous.  Defintely would not recommend. 
My daughter just turned seven and we got these for her birthday because she loves to be outside.  She thought they were cool for a few days and now they are sitting in the garage.  We put the appropriate number of strings on for her weight (56 pounds) but she doesn't seem to bounce very high.  And she needs help getting them on.  She was upset because some neighbor boys made fun of her due to the fact that they are so big and awkward looking.  I wouldn't tell someone not to buy them but I wish I would have gotten something else for her. 
Purchased 2 pairs for my 8 & 9 year old daughters for Christmas. The shoes are made of cheap pieces of plastic. The box includes bunches of black, elastic bands that you need to really s-t-r-e-t-c-h onto the shoes to provide the "bounce". The more your child  weighs, the more bands you use, but you have to double or triple them onto the same hooks. They are very hard to install and could be dangerous if they snap back into your face while you are installing them. Once assembled, the kids played with them for about 10 minutes before becoming bored. They haven't played with them since. Don't waste your money 
Like many of the other reviews (that I read after receiving the doll), I got a hispanic doll with red hair... whoever heard of that!  My daughter is adopted from Guatemala and has black, straight hair.... This doll depicted how I style her hair and would have been a perfect match, as it also had black hair.... after waiting for a week, I received the doll, expecting it to look like the one pictured, and it wasn't.... I am highly, highly disappointed, and have emailed all of my contacts telling them about this and giving them the sight to view all the unhappy comments on this as well as pass along to their contacts..... I will never make this mistake again....  as the saying goes.... "Fool me once, shame on YOU...fool me twice, shame on ME.... well, shame on them!!! 
I was very happy to discover that I could purchase an Asian Cabbage Patch Girl doll...it was for a little Korean girl....the doll pictured on the website looked like the little girl that it was purchased for (the hair). Well, I was excited to find one and I wanted to make sure that I would receive it in time to wrap it and mail it to Texas in time for Christmas.  I ordered in on the 27th and received it on Dec. 1st (I paid for faster shipping).  When I opened the box it was an Asian doll but not the one with the ponytails...this doll had short hair.  I called Amazon immediately and although they expressed being sorry they said that they could not guarantee that it wouldn't happen again. I have used Amazon before with no problems but I am extremely unhappy with the bait and switch.  I should have read the other reviews.  I will never let that happen again.  BEWARE...do not order things of this nature from this website.  You will be disappointed 
IF YOU WANT A BEAUTIFUL ASIAN DOLL, I JUST FOUND A COUPLE IN EBAY UNDER " ASIAN BERENGUER GIRL DOLL ".  THE ONE I GOT ON EBAY WAS GORGEROUS!!!  MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT AND WON'T LEAVE HOME WITHOUT IT. 
OH MY GOSH-THIS IS TERRIBLE! My husband and I bought this game because I loved watching this as a child. This game uses the same prizes and games over and over. If you played once you have played too many times. The games are boring, the prizes are boring and it is a waste of money and time. I don't know why the box says "13 and up" because my 10 year old daughter could play this. This one is going back to the store-I got zonked out of my $24.99...if you want my opinion take the cash and run 
Save your money...Because if you buy these for your kids you are going to need your money for the hospital....They do not work like you think that would..You kid is only bouncing on big rubber bands...And fall ever time they try to bounce...very dangerous..they aren't made for anyone..they should be taken off the marke 
THE TRAILER IS SOOOOOOOOOOO FAKE. IF I JUMPED AROUND IN THESE "MOON SHOES" LIKE THE KIDS IN THE TRAILER ID BE IN THE HOSPITAL BY NOW!!! THESE SHOES HURT YOUR ANKLES SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BAD AND ARE NOT I REPEAT NOT BOUNCY AT ALL!!!I WAS EXCITED WHEN I GOT THESE BUT VERY DISSAPOINTED WHEN I USED THEM. THEY ARE THE WORST TOY IN THE WORLD. I MEAN COME ON $40.00 FOR THE WORST SHOES IN THE WORLD. WELL THAT MONEY JUST WENT DOWN THE DRAIN!!NEVER, EVER THINK ABOUT BUYING THESE DISASTROUS SHOES FOR YOUR CHILD! AS I TYPE MY FRIEND IS USING THEM AND SHE EVEN SAYS THEY ARE A TOTAL DISASTER TOO!!!!!!!!! NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER EVER EVER EVER BUY THESE SHOES!!! I HATE THEM!! 
At first this case seemed like a good idea, but after the 3rd use, the zipper broke. Since the case does not stay open on its own, there is  tendency to push the case open and force the zipper backward and apart. After fixing it a couple of times, it is now permanently broken. Bad design. Maybe Velcro would have been better 
I would give this toy a 0 if it was an option.  When you unfold the tiny track and get the train going, it can't even make one corner turn without coming off the track!  The train is too big for the sharp corners and it either sticks or completey comes off the track.  This is very frustrating for my kids and I cannot believe they even put this on the market?  You can't even get it to stay in the track when you manually push it.  I am just bummed that we threw away the box before we put in batteries and saw how bad this toy really is.  We wanted this toy for portability.  Our kids also have the GeoTrax Working Railway, which is awesome, but not as portable 
This was a fun and very portable toy for my 18-month-old son.  Unfortunately, the elephant noise quit working after about 6 weeks of play, and then the monkey noise stopped working about 2 weeks later.  Also, the train easily comes off the track, but my son loves playing with the train that way, too.  He's very disappointed that the animals are now quiet 
Normally I am a big fan of the little tikes name, but not so with this product.  I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter and although the concept is cute, it is not like other Little Tikes products.   To begin with, the train frequently comes off the track.  Also to activate it, you must press the button where the conductor goes.  However, it is difficult for my daughter to place the figure on this spot without it falling off.  She often presses the button in the process which activates the train while she is still trying to put the figure on it which frustrates her.  Since this is geared for toddlers, you would think that Little Tikes would have put the button to activate the motion in a different spot from where the figures go.  Also, at age 2 1/2 she is quickly bored with it.  She has more fun letting it go on the floor across the room than riding on the track.  Needless to say, it is going back.  The only good feature is that you can "pack it and go" for away from home fun 
Dont waste your money.  I bought a set for each of my kids, and they didn't work well.  The paper that came with the pens, was thin and cheap.  We followed the directions, and twisted, and it either didn't work, or blended for a split second, and then back to original color.  Total Waste of Money.  They are now in the trash  
I bought this toy for my four year old for Christmas thinking it would be the perfect toy for her since she loves Care Bears and she loves the game hide and seek. This toy was a big disappointment! She was so excited when she opened the package but when we tried to play with it, she got frustrated and lost intrest very quickly. The Care Bear "finder" does not give good clues to where the Care Bear is hiding and makes it very confusing for a child. It was saying "come find me" even when she was within a couple feet of it and she had to be right on top of it before it would tell her that she's "getting warmer." It doesn't let the child know that they are getting close to it until they can see it. My daughter gave up on it quickly because she would be wandering the house aimlessly without any clue as to it's where abouts. I do not recommend this toy to any one. I would have given it no stars, but she does like the bear itself. Do yourself a favor...buy a care bear (much cheaper), hide it somewhere, and you can truthfully tell your child when they are "getting warmer! 
Don't waste your time with this thing.  By the time we invested in the toy, the batteries, etc. we had quite a few dollars into it... for about 15 minutes of fun.  The toy can't just be set down on a table, so when my son actually gone bored with it (to my shock because he LOVES bubbles) he tried to set it down and it spilled the remaining GOLD solution all over.  Yuck.  Mommy promptly threw the toy in the trash.  This toy is just a gimmick - stick with the good old magic bubbles and save your money 
The bar is nice, and I suppose the mat will come in handy for reviewing the basic positions. But the DVD... it's just awful. The music is painfully bad. Seriously, what dp little girls dressed like fruit have to do with ballet? And the "host" is a confusing choice: her accent is distracting, and it's made even worse by the fact that she's talking around braces. The two little girls who help her don't look much happier. In fact, the one on the left looks like someone told her to smile or else.  Trying to keep up with the nominally enducational DVD is harder than you might think, as the mat has two sides and you have to flip it over mid-stream, only you get no warning and no time to do it. And the positions are introduced too quickly and with no discussion; they're just lyrics to the annoying song.  Our daughter got this for her 3rd birthday, and she actually looked at me the first time we watched it and said, "I want the fruit to go away." I had to laugh out loud and tell her I did too! Overall, I'm sorry her grandparents spent $15 on this. Total disappointment 
I would have bought this item, but the shipping ($5.53) was almost as much as the item itself ($5.99).  Thanks, but no thanks.  I'll go to a competitor.  Weird thing is -- other Play-Doh items are listed with FREE shipping 
The idea behind this isn't too bad, and my 4 year old really enjoyed them for a short time, but it has some really ridiculous quirks. The shoes are not on any type of timer, so they will stay on indefinitely unless your child turns off each of them individually.  So what ends up happening, of course, is dead batteries within a day or so.  The wand and the tiara both work fine, so maybe that set wouldn't be too bad, but it annoys me that they would even release something as ridiculous as this 
This Jack in the Box is pretty flimsy.  Not worth the price. Would have returned it but it would have not been worth the expense. 
This toy is TERRIBLE!!  My daughter got this for Christmas, and it only frustrates her.  It takes too many cranks to get the clown to pop up, and she can't get the lid to stay shut without my help.  The "music" is terrible.  I would definitely not recommend this toy. 
This is a very cheap toy and mine arrived broken,  or at least I hope it's not supposed to sound like it does.  It sounds nothing like the classic Jack-in-the-box that I was hoping for 
I am very unhappy with this product.  The handle is hard to turn, and it takes too long for the clown to pop up.  When the clown does pop up it smells like a forst fire inside of the toy.  Over all I would not recomend it 
It's a cute little set - and I mean little.  Wayyyyy over-priced.  (...) Just didn't live up to expectations 
My boys thought that a treasure chest sandbox was a cool idea, being into the pirate theme. Thankfully I purchased this sandbox in-store, because I returned it the very same day.  I didn't even fill it with sand before I realized it was a cheaply made toy.  The plastic is thin and was bent or warped in a few places.  The lid wouldn't fit on correctly, even if it wasn't bent at some of the edges it wouldn't have been a good, secure fit.  I was surprised that Little Tikes would make something so flimsy.  I exchanged it for the Step 2 Naturally Playful Sandbox, which is sturdier and the lid works much better.  Spend the extra $10 for a sandbox that is higher quality. 
I purchased this toy for my 3yr old in December last year. He has not been able to use it since we have not been able to find ANY products (discs, carrying case etc) for the videonow. I have called the company several times. Everything is always unavailable and I do check on a regular basis. My son has been watching black and white discs recently from his older brother on the machine so he will get some use out of it. It was a good idea but the company leaves a lot to be desired. If you make a product make sure that there are enough discs. It is simply a waste of money and time. I cannot continue going on line and checking a couple of times every week. I hope this info factors in in your decision to purchase this toy 
She is DISGUSTING!!! The only good thing about her is that to scare people away simply show them this doll and they'll go screaming! My friend, Lucy Banette, has this doll. The hair tangles, the clothes rip, and even she admits it SUCKS!!! Her white skin makes her look like a vampire ghost. Not one for decoration!!! Not even for a 'playing-with' doll. Too fragile and disgustingly sickening to look at! What are we trying to teach children here??? That it is good to dress like you have just died? Have you ever seen a goth look like this? NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So please, MGA, carry on with lil' Bratz. THEY RULE!!! But NOT your silly gothy, punky Bratz. I have two lil' bratz. They are in the collection 'life style'. I have Sasha and Cloe. I don't know why you called Cloe Ailani and Sasha Zada. They are STUPID names! I HAD to redo their names! It feels nice to express myself! Bye, to goth haters! GO AWAY, you silly fans of this Bratty goth doll 
What a disappointment! We got this for my daughter because of the enticing TV commercials that make it appear to be fun, moldable and not messy.  However, it is none of those and is VERY MESSY!  It is just a cross between dust and sand and NOT fun to play with OR to clean up. It stays on your hands and a child can easily wipe their eyes and cause problems. Go with Play-Doh or Floam instead 
We tried adding the soap and turned the handlle " really fast" but it still dosent do much?? 
I thought this would be a great addition to our tub toy collection, I was wrong.  It doesn't work!!!! We tried shampoo and baby wash in it and there was no "mountain of bubbles".  This product doesn't work, save your money!! 
This obviously is a re-release of the OLD "Empire Strikes Back" kit released in the 80's.  A decent size kit (approx 15 inches) it gives an experience modeler a good opportunity at super detailing.  The kit is relatively easy to build out of the box, but it has many inaccuracies most notably the inaccurate sensor/bridge deflector DOME on top of the ship.  These inaccuracies can be addressed by looking in the Internet for replacement parts and articles on addressing those inaccuracies.  However, the kit is worth the price.  My only disappointment is the kit is not in scale with the new "Republic Star Destroyer" from "Revenge of the Sith".  The new kit for the new movie is over 19 inches long.  In order for this kit to be in scale with the current movie version, it would need to be about 24 inches long.  Hopefully someone will make the "Imperial Star Destroyer" to that scale. 
Not worth the buy. Very hard to use in the pool. Vendor delivery service was great 
These Rook cards do contain the larger font of an earlier edition.  However, the yellow suit is very pale and difficult to see. After we opened the cards (two sets were purchased), we found that the Rooks on the backs of the cards were printed upside-down.  The cards are also not particularly sturdy. These cards appear to be irregulars 
I bought this toy for my 9 year old son who loved it at first but after awhile he was dissapointed. It stopped working correctly on one side. The remote may be the problem, I am not sure. We changed the batteries but that did not help. I felt bad I bought him a Christmas gift that didn't last the day 
My daughter got this for Christmas and it only says, "Know what goes good with everything? Ripped Pants!"  Then he sings, "You won't end up like the fool who ripped his pants." and then says, "This is so embarrassing!"  My daughter dropped the toy once and it said a different phrase but we can't get it to do it again. It seems like it's stuck in the "demo" mode and we can't figure out how to make it work.  I called Fisher Price and due to unsually high call volume they disconnect you after telling you to call back another time,  Probably due to the fact that every parent who's child recieved this toy is calling to complain. 
We bought this item for my Daughter's Christmas present and the strings do not work at all.  All it does is play the 3 songs, and the microphone works.  But the other functions (anything to do with the strings) do not work at all.  We bought this at Toys R Us and we're taking it back tomorrow.  As I can see from the reviews (which I wish I'd read earlier), we'll be getting a different brand of guitar.  These seem faulty as a rule.  Do not buy this 
My daughter is almost three, and she was so excited when she received this for Christmas.  Unfortunately, the strings do not work, and also the star buttons are supposed to play notes and/or chords, and they don't work, either.  I was going to send for a replacement because my daugher absolutely loves this, and I was so disappointed when Amazon responded there are no replacements available.  I'm going to see if the manufacturer can replace it 
We got this guitar for my 4 year old, she loved it, but it stopped functioning after less than a month, I thought I need to change batteries but even after that it didn't work, now I don't know what to do with it, I didn't keep the box so that I could return it, very disappointed... 
My daughter got this doodle bear for christmas 2006.  She wrote all over it and I washed it like the directions say.  I took it out of the washing machine and the bear was ripped.  She played with it again and I washed it again in the pillow case.  The bear came out of the washing machine worse off.  It seems that the bear rips at the seams.  Don't waste your money on this bear. 
We finally bought these Barbie Magic of the Rainbow dolls for our 4-year-old twin daughters after hearing them beg for it repeatedly after each time the commercial aired. At first, they were very excited to play with them. Positives: The doll is durable. It encourages participants to follow instructions. Negatives: I notice my daughters have to wave the doll a few times before the DVD "hears" the instructions.  Positives: The DVD provides clear and easy to understand directions, so your doll can be programmed with your remote control. Negatives: The doll set off our fire alarm a few times before we figured out it was the doll (and we did check to see if there really was a fire!) When the DVD is not in, the dolls control the volume on the TV! This can be very annoying when the volume increases just as you realize your daughters have started playing with the dolls. My suggestion: de-program the doll when your kids are finished playing the DVD! Or, just keep it deprogrammed and use your remote -taking all control away from your kids and keeping them from standing so close to the TV 
This is probably one of the best booster packs out there. Every monster that comes in the pack has an effect. Effect monsters can be very useful. Not to mention that my very first Pharaonic Guardian pack came with a secret rare! That is one of only two of the most rare cards in the whole pack! Even the common cards are great. Such as Giant axe mummy or the Gravekeeper cards! Your deck cannot be complete without this booster pack! I highly suggest this pack 
We bought this for our son for Christmas this year based on glowing reviews. What a disappointment! The "musical instruments" are basically glorified rattles that all sound basically the same, the song the drum plays is tinny, scratchy, and short, and nothing seems very well made. I at least expected the different instruments to sound different from one another.  On the plus side, it is cute, and the lobster has a pretty wind chime like sound 
You could make your own!  I bought these through a catalog for my 3 year-old last Christmas.  He pretends they are leaf-blowers.  If you find the "sweet spot", the tones are okay, but finding that spot isn't easy.  Too much money for not-enough product 
It would be really nice if they could put out sets in single ethnicities. I do not like my child having multi-cult propaganda shoved down her throat via her TOYS! She wants to play with dolls that look like her - this is only natural. Too bad, cute set and I would have bought it 
this is the cutest furreal I have seen it could have been much better if they would have made it where it would open it's mouth. ...Why did it come with a bottle? all ir does is grunt and beg. doesn't walk and it's eyes do not close so you can't pretend it is asleep. I can't return it cause it was a valantine's present but at least it is cute as just a stuffed pig 
Ok, my kid loves it.  But, after seeing it in person, I cant believe how much I was charged for list little plastic toy.  Cost is way over excessive.  Strongly suggest saving your money, unless money is no object 
My son received this as a birthday gift and it broke the 2nd time that he played with it. While I was putting it on him the plastic belt just snapped in half. Luckily we had a different belt from another toy that we could use with the gadgets. The previous reviewer was right about the difficulty of taking the gadgets on and off. There's no way that my 4 year old son could do it without my help. If I had the receipt I would have returned it 
Our son has dyslexia.  We are using this as a tool to build his family of sounds and spelling rules.  He thinks it is fun and is building on his skills at the same time 
The pieces were very tiny and the sticker flags kept popping off the plastic. My daughter's favorite part was the pink and white horse with the carriage, which she promptly took over and put with her dollhouse. After asking Santa for a Cinderella Castle she was a bit disappointed. This playset would probably be fine for a child who was just going to set it up and not play with it 
My sons received this for Christmas and it's already out of commission. The quality of the fabric (more like paper) is such that the polls very quickly poked through, leaving the folding/elasticated sticks to stick out.  It's a great idea, but if it was a better material so that it would last more than a couple of weeks...  Here's hoping that I can sew up the holes without tearing it more 
This high chair is a lot smaller than the photograph implies.  When screwing together the sections, I managed to split the wooden bar that would be the foot rest.  Any half decent person with a jigsaw would be able to make a more sturdy toy.  This toy is very basic, the seat of the highchair is wooden with a skimpy section of cloth.  Invest in some power tools and make your own, I guarantee it would be better than this one 
The item arrived to us the week of Christmas three weeks after we had ordered it.  It arrived with several broken and several missing parts.  Amazon would not send us new parts, they would only replace the unit if we shipped it back first.  This was to be a Christmas gift to my son, so that was not optional.  Had the order arrived when the order tracking said it would I would have had time to return it 
I tried this toy at it's lowest volume, and it's still lound enough to damage young eardrums.   Remember that this toy is much closer to their ears than yours. 
I'm not sure how this toy ended up with a 4.5 star rating after all the broken microphones!! Ours was yet another that broke within 2 months of gentle play. It wasn't thrown or dragged around by the microphone or anything of the sort. My son loved it and figured out the microphone very quickly. He loved to see the lights and the little puppy "dance" when he "sang" into the microphone. I continued to let him play with it even after the microphone shorted out and the static began and he still kept trying the microphone until he got frustrated and then I finally put it away. I wish I had spent the money on something that would have lasted longer. My son is now 18 months old and the only other toy he has ever managed to break was the Vtech Nursery Farm which was broken 3 weeks after Christmas last year, just before this piano broke. I highly recommend Fisher Price or LeapFrog toys over Vtech. We have never had a problem with their toys and 2 of the 3 Vtech toys we have owned have broken on us. Garbage! 
Even though yugioh is dead, this is my favorite pack (even though i don;t get them any more). The deck that i made is an Archfiend deck, which can kill you if you don't have a spell card on the field that says you don't have to pay life points for Archfiend cards. They are also one of the strongest group if cards. There is TerrorKing Archfiend, InfernalQueen Archfiend, Archfiend Solder, and others. Even though yugioh is dead, some people still play ot, and some stores but them from you. I sold my deck for $$$, you should too. 
I was really excited about this toy. I was very forgetful when it came to putting my son on his tummy, so I thought this would be a great toy for him to  have some good quality tummy time on. Wrong. He could care less about this toy. The second I'd lay him in front of it he would just roll onto his back. He was five months old when we bought it, and it is just sitting there. He STILL loves his Gymini and he is six months old now. Also, by the third day the aquarium had sprung a leak..which apparently has happened to almost everyone who  has bought this thing. Do not  purchase this toy, it takes up too much space, and it's a waste of money. Baby could care less about it 
When we bought this, I liked the versatility it offered.  I quickly noticed, however, that it is mostly good for strewing the soft pieces everywhere.  There are actually too many pieces to keep up with, and frankly I'm getting sick of stepping on the cow.  My 6 mos old likes it for a couple minutes, until he's rolled away from it.  My 3 year old thinks it's interesting, but she just ends up taking it apart and the pieces end up all over the place.  After a couple days of playing with it I usually put most of it away and keep out only a couple parts to complement our other toys.  The water play mat lasted until my 3 year old stepped on it once or twice.  Then that was gone 
I thought this toy looked fantastic as I was searching for developmental toys to help in various areas while they grew. The versitility of this one looks great. Well, I liked it more than either one of my children did, as they almost never played with it except for the simple joy of taking it apart and strewing it all over the playroom! The black and white face was good when they are first starting to be attracted to faces but other than that, it just got taken apart and lost its interest, no matter which way i arranged the peices. Infants would do much better with a flat playmat with a mobile suspended above their heads 
I bought this item for my newborn - thinking it would grow with him and be useful for at least the 1st year.  I was SO wrong.  First, as I feared, the water "fishbowl" leaked the 1st time I filled it.  I returned it and the next one leaked as well.  Then, the mirror is one of those "plastic" mirrors that gives a distorted reflection - which was of no value or interest to my son. The cow that makes noise died after less than a month of light to no use.  Finally, the toy just didn't have that "fun" value that a $43 toy should have.  He hated it - never attempted to crawl down it, never played with the features. Save your money - this toy is of poor quality and poor entertainment value. There are tons of better products out there.. 
this tor breakes when you build tall buildings, but I made a mouse out of them. when the magnets are pushed back that makes me angry, but you can make people by just putting four magnets on one ball, but in all I say you shuld decide yourself. 
My kids love Magnetix, but I am unable to order them online because you do not ship to Canada. This problem occurs a lot. Someone should fix that. I find it very frustrating when I try to order something and then it tells me they are "unable to fullfill my order because we can't ship outside the USA" 
Our family loves all types of memory games, and this is the most attractive.  The colorful stripes on the back are great, the pictures are good, the click of the squares on the tabletop are satisfying, and the fact that they are true squares means that they fit easily and perfectly into the box.  My only negative comment is that there is no indication  which country each child represents.  The children who play this game are capable of learning country and costume together...I think it is an obvious teaching opportunity. In fact, I would like to know this myself 
The dolls and outfits in this set are adorable and the case was a cute idea.  The only problem that kept me from giving this item a high star rating is the case itself.  I wish the case closed more tightly, it closes with a small gap along the sides also the entire case lid keeps coming off easily.  Overall tho, aside from the annoyance of the lid, for the price it was still worth purchasing because as I've said the dolls and outfits are so adorable and a great addition to my 8yr old daughters polly collection. 
When I received the doll I turned it on and she made about 4 or 5 facial expressions before she said a word. She is not operating properly and since I ordered the doll a month and a half beofre my daughter's birthday, I was unable to return or exchange. I was told to contact the manufacture. I guess the doll was mishandled before it reached me...Be careful 
My friends and I (all over 21, for reference) sat down to play this one day and we just could not find this game interesting or fun or amusing in the least. I'm not sure what is needed to make this fun or challenging... but none of us could make it past 15 minutes of play. It will not be brought out again 
This is the worst game I have ever played.  It was so bad that we didn't even finish.  It came down to just guessing and could have gone on all night without a clear winner.  This game sucks! I wouldn't buy this game with somebody elses money, even if it were only $1 
My daughter received this as a gift for her first birthday.  She loves tub toys, but when you pull the tail on this one it just sits in the water.  My daughter actually plays with it more out of the tub and my husband figured  out that it actually works better if you pull the tail and let it  &quot;swim&quot; on the floor.  I'm a big fan of Sassy toys, but I'd pass  on this one 
I bought this vehicle for my son...we have been through 2 already...they do not work. The controller is not made very well...the two cars we bought did not respond..the first one you had to put the controller right up to the car to make it work...the other car would only go forward...and we tried this with brand new batteries and the charger pack we bought. Definitely a disappointment 
The controller range is less than 40 feet.  This car is much too fast for the short range.  It is very easy to outrun the contoller.  There is also a delay between control input and vehicle response.  All batteries were new and fully charged, checked with a meter.  A scanner verified that nothing was causing frequency interference.  The older Tyco turbo cars had a 100 foot controller range and no delay.  Tyco apparently changed the design to the new digital control to allow multiple cars to run at the same time 
I never imagined I was going to be such a bad experience, when you start the game is almost lost for the ones that chosen the light side. Then the game is complicated and it is not balanced, so everybody will choose the "dark side" because they have advantages. Dont waste you money buying this game, better buy the normal risk, acquire, or axes and allie 
This game is very confusing and hard to play.Thisn is a piece of junk. Get the origional Risk 
I have checked out almost every card shuffler in the market. And I can tell you that apart from the one made by Excalibur they are all the same, and Cardinal is not an exception. So here is my review.  This is the kind of gift you will give to someone you really, really hate. This thing does NOT shuffle plus it WILL eat up your cards badly. DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE... that is unless you wish to annoy the hell out of someone and have fun doing so. If you do go ahead and spend your hard earn mula on this purchase, here are some suggestions on how you can use your brand new Card Shuffler.  1. Pet Dog's Chew Toy 2. Door Stop 3. Play Street Hockey 4. Stress Release Stomping Toy 5. Mother-in-law Birthday Gift 6. Modern Art for Coffee Table 7. Nerf Ball Target Practice 8. Condom Dispenser  Kind of think about it, this is a great toy. Have fun!  PS. If you are looking for a shuffler that really works maybe you should take a look at Excalibur Professional 6 Deck Card Shuffler; you might like it. 
We were extremely disappointed with this toy that we bought as a Christmas present for our four year old son.  The parking garage came with pre-drilled holes and needed to be assumbled.  Unfortunately, due to poor quality, the pieces did not line up correctly and we needed to sand some of them down in order to make the toy functional.  It would also have been helpful for the manufacturer to include one or two spare screws in case they got lost or destroyed during assembly. 
I had a problem with Brietta a day after I bought her. I was combing her hair, and suddenly her head broke! The part of her head that has hair seperated from her forehead, and there is no way to fix her. So she is stuck with a crack in her skull. I'm very upset about this.  Other than that, I adore my Brietta doll. She has long strawberry blond hair that curls at the end in a messy way, so I cut the hair shorter to get rid of the messy curls.  Her face has a gorgeous expression, which looks so friendly to me. Her gown is light pink with a real overskirt and long sleeves, and she has pink shoes that ACTUALLY STAY ON!  I'm just sad that she broke, but I still love her nonetheless 
I ordered the ants in December (Christmas present), and although the temperatures were unseasonably warm here throughout January, no ants arrived. I have called several times, with the same excuse. They have my money and won't deliver the ants. I would suggest any other company besides Uncle Milton Industries 
The gates and fences are hard to set up and they fall back down easily. Best for modeling not play 
The nose is glued and sewn on, but my baby still managed to chew it off.  I found it hanging by a thread from it's face one day.  So, cut off the nose before giving it to your baby, or never leave your baby alone with it once teething starts.  Too bad about the nose because my baby loves his puppytunes.  
I think that the new style of the people are not as nice and durable as the old ones 
My friend got this toy for me saying it was the best, and because I'm a dancer. When I opened it, the doll's head fell off and when I dropped it, it broke. I suggest instead going to a real studio, because this was a waste of my friends money. 
All Thomas the Train products are overpriced. There are too many companies out there with a better selection of wood train sets for half the price. Choose one of those! Save yourself some money 
We baught a bunch of these fish for our 8 year old.We have a inground pool and thought they would be lots of fun!! Okay we took them out of the package, and had to rearrange the batteries 82 times before it would even respond to the water!!! When we placed it in the pool all it did was go on its side,in circles. Nothing was "realistic" about these things!!!! I should add that it was not just this one, but all of them!!!Do not waste your money or time buying these!! 
I purchased this for myself and my 7 year old to play with. The screen is way too dark to be able to use at dusk or after, but if in direct sunlight, you can't see it either. It's pretty small (buttons and screen) and a little confusing. If you are a person who is using hard earned money to purchase this, then don't. But if you just want to check it out and be okay with not wanting it later or losing the money you spent, go for it 
My mom is an avid wheel of fortune fan, and for x-mas i thought i'd buy this for her since it reminded me of a wheel of fortune game we use to have. Man do i regret it. She NEVER plays it anymore. The puzzles are limited and will start to repeat within a few weeks. The keys on the keypad are hard to push in, and if you don't push it in right soon enough you lose your turn and the general game-play is blah. Really, if you bought this for someone, it's the kind of present that they'd be happy with for all of a few hours. Then they'd let it collect dust. Like my mum is = 
My daughter was thrilled to see a new Wheel of Fortune game out and we bought it immediately! It's quite abit smaller than the original..can't imagine why they would do that..and it already has problems with the bonus round!  We may just have a bad one..but my daughter has gone back to using the 20 year old one she has..even with the faded screen and weak sound 
I misunderstood the dimensions listed ( 7.5 x 1.5 x 10.5 inches ) and thought it would be large enough for my mother to see and handle. It isn't. Apparently, the dimensions include the packaging. She loves Wheel Of Fortune on TV, and I thought this game would be terrific therapy for her hands. Very disappointing. I'll be returning it, unopened. 
Radica used to amke good hand held electronic games; this was is cheap. Buttons need to be pressed unusually hard to respond.  dark screen that lights up only when the room is nearly pitch black 
We were so excited to order this item. Sadly the quality is very poor. We have had it set up for less than a week and the front "counter" has broken off and one of the front panels has had a leg rip off. My kids love the idea of this item but it is extremely flimsy particle type board -it has basically disintergrated berfore our eyes . Even with general play it sways back and forth, a little scary if little ones are playing in it.I am going to call the maker - hopefully we can repair this (... 
This playhouse theater is an excellent way to spark your child's imagination.  My son received this as a Christmas gift last year and it has not only been a theater, but a house, cave, secret hideout, restaurant, and schoolhouse.  Very colorful and the front chalkboard is excellent for strenghtening writing skills!  The only downside I have with the theater is that it is not very durable.  The theater is made of some sort of flimsy plywood and it is not secured with screws, etc.  It slides together and a child can easily disassemble it.  The front panel that the child rest's his/her arms on broke after two weeks of having the theater.  Other than the durability factor...great product 
My daughter got this for her 5th birthday, and it really looks cute and fun in the box.  Within 5 minutes of playing with it, the small clip that holds the starfish open broke.  In addition, the mermaids and other pieces that come with this toy are microscopic.  If your kids are like mine, they will lose the items and bug you all day to help them find it.  This toy is really cute, but not worth it.  Save yourself the hassle.  Buy the big barbies and pretend there is a big seashell to play in 
I bought this oven for my children. After I lugged it home, my wife, an aspiring novelist, told me that "It was a quear, sultry summer, the summer they electrocuted the Rosenbergs, and I didn't know what I was doing in New York." I said "Don't you like the kid's new stove?" She replied, "How frail the human heart must be - a mirrored pool of thought. "  I left it at that, and cooked some macaroni and cheese for dinner, after a good cigar and a glass of Weller's, I came back into the kitchen, only to discover....well, that's a long story, I just hope you realize this ain't no kids stove, it's the real deal, bud. Chance rules every corner of the universe except the chambers of the human heart 
If you want your child to know the true & Bibical account of Jesus' birth...the shepherds came first! An angel announced His birth the shepherds hurried to see Mary, Joseph & baby Jesus. They were first on the scene. Some chronicle the kings coming as much as three years later. I will return my three sets & order the one with the bells & whistles AND two shepherds!! 
this is not quite what I was expecting - I thought the mat was at least electronic or something to provide feedback, however it's just a plain cheap filmsy plastic mat that really adds nothing to the whole cheerleading experience.  Also, the video really moves too fast for my 4 yr old daughter and just up frustrating her.  It might work okay for older kids, but it's not very good for the younger ones 
Product is average...  On ours the button whole is sewed so tight even I have problems buttoning... impossible for my 20 month old.  It says clothes remove fully and easily... which I thought would be great for my daughter since she likes to try and dress things... but the pullover has to be removed by pulling over the head and it isn't easy... and again is almost impossible for a little one.  Also... ours didn't come with a back pack which I'm sure would have made the toy more fun!  Perhaps she'll gain interest and capability with the toy in months to come... but right now... she has about as much interest in it as she does in say... carpet 
I was very disappointed with the durability and time that it took to get this tent set up. It took me about 2 1/2 hours to assemble the tent and then once it was up it could never stay up. The joining brackets couldn't hold the poles together and everytime the tent was moved or touched it fell apart. I went inside the tent to put it back together and one of the poles fell straight down hitting me under the eye and cut it. This is why I am returning it. If it's not safe for me to be in then I certainly don't want my daughter playing in it 
This toy needs work ... First of all, it's HEAVY!  My daughter (now 19 months) usually likes to pick it up and throw it.  After all, it IS a ball!  We have hardwood floors - throwing this ball is extremely loud and it can really do some damage to our floors!  We don't have any problems with it moving around ... however ... when you're asked to find something on the ball, even I have a hard time finding it to push the button in time.  So, I don't know how a 6 month+ baby/child could find the correct answer in time.  I think this is a nice idea for a toy, but it just doesn't work.  It is colorful, and my daughter does enjoy throwing it, but that's obviously not it's intended use.  She never played with this toy as a crawling infant.  She only plays with it now, and she only throws it.  Please don't waste your money on this toy.  It's not worth it 
We bought three of these over the last few months since they keep breaking.  The last one lasted a single afternoon, and the kids were upset when it broke yet again.  Its not made very well; dont waste your mone 
My 3 yr old son received this toy last year for Christmas and was so excited. In less than a week, one of the rear wheels cracked in half, rendering it a non-returnable piece of junk 
Yo Brannan, Relinquished does not fuse to or more monsters.  It lets you equip oppontents monsters to it.  Learn Yugioh you... error!!!  My favorite cards in pegasus deck are toon world, relinguished, and blue eyes toon dragon.  I gave the durability 2 stars because when you leave your cards in the sun in the car, they get in bad cond.  You know that annoying snap action.  The only thing i don't like like about pegasus deck is that theres not that many high attack monsters. I would reccomed deck protecters.  Also buy a kaiba evolution for megamorph.  In pegasus deck use seven tools of the bandit you lose 1000 LP.  Then use Toon World.  You lose another 1000 LP.  Special Summon Blue Eyes Toon Dragon.  Then use Megamorph.  6000 LP for your Toon Dragon.  Then use Toon Special ability.  Your opponent losses 6000 LP and he/she probobly will lose.  Lose 2000 LP with Seven Tools! Megamorph is worth it!!!!  Hope my review was helpful.  P.S. Brannan this is a good review. 
Quick shipping on product but the product was not what I was hoping for.  The "snow" was much grainer than I had expected.  I had seen what I thought was the same item in stores during the holiday season and that "instant snow" was very fine and really looked like snow.  This product doesn't look much like snow and doesn't have the same texture 
I was very happy to discover that I could purchase an Asian Cabbage Patch Girl doll...it was for a little Korean girl....the doll pictured on the website looked like the little girl that it was purchased for (the hair). Well, I was excited to find one and I wanted to make sure that I would receive it in time to wrap it and mail it to Texas in time for Christmas.  I ordered in on the 27th and received it on Dec. 1st (I paid for faster shipping).  When I opened the box it was an Asian doll but not the one with the ponytails...this doll had short hair.  I called Amazon immediately and although they expressed being sorry they said that they could not guarantee that it wouldn't happen again. I have used Amazon before with no problems but I am extremely unhappy with the bait and switch.  I should have read the other reviews.  I will never let that happen again.  BEWARE...do not order things of this nature from this website.  You will be disappointed 
IF YOU WANT A BEAUTIFUL ASIAN DOLL, I JUST FOUND A COUPLE IN EBAY UNDER " ASIAN BERENGUER GIRL DOLL ".  THE ONE I GOT ON EBAY WAS GORGEROUS!!!  MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT AND WON'T LEAVE HOME WITHOUT IT. 
Got this for Xmas present for 2 year old. He loved it, but sounds and steam quickly stopped working with zero abuse. Incredibly cheap for a toy costing 40 bucks. This is just how to ruin a fan of the show. The folks who design such badly designed stuff should be ashamed of themselves. My son is important and deserves toys that can last more than two days 
BUYER BEWARE!!!! I recently ordered (December 15th, 2007) this product through Amazon filled by Joe Brands for my son for Christmas.  On Amazon's website it says you can cancel an order any time before it ships, if it does ship, you simply refuse receipt.  I canceled this order on December 16th less than 24 hours after I placed it, I called and emailed Joe Brands & emailed Amazon. Never the less the package arrives on December 22nd.  I called the shipping company, called and emailed Joe Brands, emailed Amazon and the package was finally picked up on the 27th of December.  The billing however has yet to be straighted out.  My credit card has yet to be credited, I do not have the product, and no one returns calls or emails.  BUYER BEWARE!!! 
My husband and I have ignored many poor reviews in choosing toys for our 18-month old and have often been pleasantly surprised to see our son thoroughly enjoying such toys.  Unfortunately, this was not the case with the Peg Perego Thomas Ride-On train. He is exceptionally tall and strong for his age, yet there is no way his hand could possibly depress the button required to keep the train moving, much less hold it down for any length of time.  So the operation of the train requires an adult to depress the button and spin in circles while your child bats your hand away and is totally distracted from the experience.  My son enjoys pushing the train along the track more than riding it.  However, the train is flimsy and easily comes off the track, so this usually lasts a few seconds before he is again frustrated and annoyed.  All this and then you need to get out the screwdriver to charge the battery every time you  "play" with it.  Don't buy this toy or you will be kicking yourselves like we are.  It's a gimmicky piece of plastic junk that even major Thomas-lovers will probably not enjoy. 
The start button is too difficult for even a three year old to hold down. The battery is tedious to re-charge (required after every use!). Dangerous. When child leans slightly to the side the entire engine will turn over. For all your time and money you will only see a child with a bored expression - or a frustrated child who can't operate start button alone. You could tape down the button and then the child must ask for you to stop it. Total supervision required any way you look at it. A real expensive, gimicky toy! 
I was so disappointed with this item. My son (who's 3) received this for his bday. The child has to continuously hold down a button with his hand to keep the train moving and my son couldn't do it. He ended up getting so frustrated, he broke down in tears! The noises the train makes are MUCH TOO LOUD! And you need a lot of room in your home to set up the track, which we do not have. I was surprised at how poorly designed this was since it's a Peg Perego. The manufacturers should've really tried this one out on the recommended age group before they released it. Why couldn't there be a pedal to step on to make it go like every other ride-on toy for little ones? I put it back in the box and back to the store it went. 
This one doesn't work. It is supposed to come on when it hits the water and it doesn't. One it came on randomly but we couldn't seem to replicate it. None of this type of fish seem to do all that well but this one is worse than the others. He is pretty though 
It never worked - period.  Not even for a second.  Get the disney fish - it doesn't look as real but at least it works.  
My five and half year old daughter asked for this particular barbie doll. She was so happy when she opened her present and found Mermaidia Elina doll. She took it out of the box and started to play with it. Soon enough she lost interest however. The wings are large, so large they are actually a burden. Placing the doll inside the mermaid tail is not easy for little hands either. All in all, this doll is just "make-up" if you see what I mean. Pretty but not easy to play with, and easily forgotten. She is on a stand in my daiughter's room, and hasn't been touched or played with since Christmas morning...  Not worth the price 
I purchased this product along with the Koi and turtle and they worked for one day. The koi would not turn off unless the batteries were pulled out. The turtle would not turn on unless you physically held the button in and the fish just quit altogether and sunk to the bottom of the pool. 
I bought this for my 5 year old and as another reviewer said....he would have to be double his size for it to fit (he wears a size 5-6)....and the items attached to it keep falling off.  We had to Duct tape it together to fit him because of course I would rather have returned it...but it was his favorite present!!!  It frustrates him a lot so I do not see him sticking with it! 
I bought this for my son's fourth birthday because he's a superhero nut. It's a cute toy except for one critical flaw: it doesn't come anywhere near fitting around the waist of my average-sized 4-year-old (wears a size 4T). I'm talking about three inches of waist gap on even the smallest setting. Yet the belt can be adjusted to a size that would fit a teenager. If you have a 9-year-old who loves running around in a Batman costume, go for it. As for my 4-year-old, he still plays with it sometimes, but we keep it on him with a pair of firefighter's suspenders.  Update: The thick plastic of the belt is now ripped halfway apart. We've only had it two months, and he's hardly played with it for the abovementioned reasons. Not so great for Batman, but perfect for playing Super Chintzy Toy Man 
FIRST OF ALL, THE QUALITY IS HORRENDOUS. SECOND OF ALL, THE RULES ARE SO NONSENSICAL AND COMPLICATED. I HAD TO CHANGE THE RULES JUST TO MAKE THIS GAME PLAYABLE AND ENJOYABLE. YOU THINK THAT THEY WOULD MAKE A BETTER GAME FOR LOYAL FRIENDS FANS. I GUESS NOT. AT LEAST THE QUESTIONS ARE GOOD. THEY ARE NOT ALL EXTREMELY EASY WHICH MAKES IT FUN TO PLA 
My son (now 4) loves cars, so when I saw this bed frame, I thought this is it!  Well, looks can fool you.  I also read many glowing reviews about this bed frame, so I was confident that this was a MUST buy.  But after using it for a while (1 year now), I am very disappointed.  If I would buy another bed frame, this one would not be in my shopping list.  What I and all my family don't like about this frame : 1.  The front end of the car frame is shaped like a sports car, so people hit that protruding part all the time when walking in the room, making people falter sometimes.  2.  Since it is made of plastic, it gets really cold, and it really feels terrible.  I don't know why it is damn cold all the time.  3.  I had to exchange the regular-height box spring for a half-height one, because the regular-height box spring would be too high and the sides of the bed frame would not provide adequate protection against falling.  4.  So many toys and things fall between the mattress and the bed frame.  I have to lift the damn mattress and then go into the car frame to pick up all the junk that my son loves to shove into the little openings.  5.  I think the bed frame takes up way too much space for a twin sized bed.  It is waste of space.  6.  My son was disappointed that the wheels don't spin.  And I think he has a point, since this bed frame costs so much.  My son now don't even think it's a cool thing.  Well, he stopped liking the bed only after a few days.  7.  The head part of the bed is also plastic, and for some reason, your head can go under that plastic, because that head part comes over the mattress.  It is quite annoying, and we had to put another pillow to cover that part of the frame.  And you can't even use it as a shelf since it is not flat.  Dolls and little toys that we put up there would slide down to hit our son or slide to the sides and fall into the corner where there is a big opening between the walls and the car frame.  8.  Again, it is very very cold, and it really feels terrible when you want to sleep at night and everything around you is so cold and hard.  This is a miserable bed, and I feel bad that I bought this horrible bed for my loving son.  We are gonna sell it for 100 dollars (we hope) in the summer.  The only reason for giving 2 stars is because, it is very solid 
all non-yellow parts of the ducks are painted and come off pretty easily. a little moisture and some teeth for a minute can remove paint.  this toy is best for those who are past placing toys or anything in their mouth. I still think they are cute and a great idea...just need to be made better/safer 
The wooden Thomas the Tank Engine trains do not fit in this case.  The case is way to small for the trains to fit in.  I would not recommend anyone buying this item.  It is just a brightly painted metal box, that doesnt serve any useful purpose.  The manufactor should be ashamed for false advertising. 
My son received this as a gift.  I love that the inside is set up like "shelves".  My son loves to organize his trains in it.  I don't like how thin the metal is.  It dents as easy as a cola can.  If it were made better, it would be worth the money.  Save your money on this one and find something better made 
Well, now this carry case is a goner.  The latch will no longer close and the top rim is hopelessly bent.  It was fun while it lasted 
This game has zero replay value. Once you play the three episodes, you're done. Each run through of each episode is the same. Played through the entire disc in an hour and half. My advice: Spend a few dollars more and get Scene It! 
i bought this thinking it was going to be really cool, but it was very boring and stupid.  it contains 3 puzzles all of which a 5 yr old can do and the games are the most stupid games ever.  the one with the spinner only shows the objects on the puzzle move smaller as you look at it.  thats the whole thing.  your pupil is just going back to its smaller, regular size and it makes the picture look like it's getting smaller.  and the one with the magic cards is rediculous.  anyone can see that all you have to do is choose the cards that you can see the character you chose through.  very disapointing.  i wish i could have seen the box before i bought it.  then i would have seen just how lame this was 
My daughter plays with an older round version sit and spin at daycare alot. All the kids like it there. She got the Simon Says version for Christmas from her aunt and it pretty much sucks. She tried to play with it every once in a while but got so frustrated we have now just put it the attic because she won't touch it and it was in the way. It doesn't spin very well at all (possibly due to the oval shape??) no matter where my daughter sits on it. Also the audio is very loud and annoying with no volume control. Also it seems much cheaper made than the older style she plays with at daycare. I would say DON'T waste your money on the Simon Says Sit n Spin - try to find an older one at a second hand store or garage sale. My recommendation to Playskool would be to go back to the original design - a round sit n spin, no sound - just pure and simple fun 
I can see from reading the below reviews that I'm not the only one who hates this thing. What a total waste! I got it for my little one, remembering how much I (and every other kid I've ever known) loved this toy. Well, this version has been made too safe to have any fun on. It barely spins. If you want your toddler to develop amazing upper body strength, then force them to work out on this thing a couple times a day. It's almost impossible to spin and you never get up any momentum at all. Not to mention the loud loud music with no volume control. Which I could deal with if the thing was any fun at all 
We bought this gadget for our 2-year old. To risk sounding like a broken record--or faulty spinning plastic toy, in this case--I'll just add my vote to the design flaws: 1. Volume. Not only is the volume loud, it's unbearably so. Even my daughter grabs her ears when she's playing on it. The voice is a bit garbled as well, so when the command 'Ready..Spin!' sounds more like 'Wordy...SPEW!' I prefer to spare my daughter's hearing loss for live concerts in her teenage years, so I've disabled the on/off switch. 2. Spin quality. A Sit n' Spin should have a fluid, effortless motion (like a lazy susan). This toy requires enormous effort to turn. To add to my daughter's frustation, the handle's base gives a bit (even with screws tightly fastened), making for a tedious experience rather than the joy ride we loved as kids.  Spare the expense and the frustration of fitting this thing in the garbage can on collection day--buy an easel and finger paint kit instead. 
My two year old absolutely would not leave the store without this and she still plays with it a year later. However, there are two problems. One, it immediately needed repair to the basic connections and, two, it has a pinching hazard between the basket and the frame. But of course, my daughter never noticed either of those. She simply loves to play with it, constantly, and has to take it on walks around the block 
The features on this toy are cute, just not planned out very well.  My boys love the music and bubbles, but the micky and goofy that go up and down on the sides broke off after a couple days.  The voice recorder is very hard to work because of a short cord. For a ride on my boyslike the radiio flyer retro rocket more.  Overall, in our house this is a bubble machine. 
I though this shark would be bigger.  I bought the same one at a gift shop in RI for 99 cents 2 years ago 
This Item is nothing like Picture poorly made I could have made a better one myself out of old pillow cases.Not worth the money avoid this item 
it lauches the marble so forcefully that the marble bounces off of the ramp it is being lauched to.  Instead of using it for the fridgits set, my youngest son used it to launch M&M's (but that's another story).. 
A friend of mine has Zombies!!!, also by Twilight Creations.  I've played it a few times, and found it pretty enjoyable.  Zombietown is sort of a followup to this in some ways, and tries to expand the strategy of the game somewhat.  Unfortunately, it ends up far too confusing and complicated to make for fast gameplay (it's often very slow, in fact), and the strategy is more shallow than Risk.  Ya know the stereotypically confusing instructions of insert Tab A into Slot B?  That's pretty much what the instructions to this read like.  They're fairly poorly written to boot.  There were also a couple problems we ran into the rules didn't seem to cover.  I can't recall them off the top of my head, and they didn't come up very often, but it was still irritating.  Overall, definetly not reccomended.  At $40 in stores, and $35 off Amazon, it's also a HUGE ripoff.  What do you get in the box?  Like 100 tiny army men-esque figures, a couple of packs of cards, and a laminated piece of cardboard.  I understand why it is expensive, as I'm sure this was a low budget item and such, but Zombies!!! was much less expensive. 
If rating a &quot;no star&quot; was possible, that's what it really deserves.  I bought this for my two year old twin boys and as I was inflating it - with a handpump - it blew at the seams!  Beyond patching!  Unfortunately they never even knew that they had it.  I would not buy it again because of the quality of the product.  How can kids be safe jumping on something that blows out when being pumped by a hand pump???  That's like blowing it up by mouth! 
I got this on clearance like 2 years ago. I new it would not hold up. I had many kids on it because I do home daycare. My rule was only 3 kids at a time. The bigger kids could only go on 2 at a time. It got 3 holes which I patched. They even took naps in it. I must of had It for about 6 months and only keep it up for like a week at a time. My problem was it was hard to store. I had to leave it inflated some and pushed it in back of my closet. Finaly one of the big kid did a big belly flop on it and popped the seem. No way was that fixable. If I ever find it on clearance again I would buy it but not for what they are asking for it. Not worth it if it will break in a couple of months 
Had 3 leaks all in the seams! Could not patch correctly even after waiting the &quot;30 mins.&quot; to re-infalte like the directions stated. My son was extremely upset. From other reviews, it sounds like there is a 50/50 chance of getting a good product 
We bought this for our 3 year old daughter for Christmas.  We turned it on right away and she was very excited until the sound suddenly started to fade out.  We thought it was just a case of dead batteries, so we replaced the batteries - several times - until we realized the product was just bad.  When trying to get it replaced, we were told they were out of stock and our money would be refunded instead.  Needless to say, our daughter was very sad and we will not be buying this product anywhere, ever.  We'll just stick with another type of keyboard to help our daughter develop a love of music 
I was looking for a durable tape player for the kids and this was not it.  The microphone only worked for a couple of weeks.  It plays tapes ok but would have liked to play with the other features before they stopped functioning.  My kids are rough on toys but not that rough 
Christmas morning, my daughter tears the paper off this toy and is soooo exited. What a disapointment. Nothing I did caused the tail to wag, the leg to move and no licking action. I changed the batteries, still nothing. After hours of trying to get it to work, I went on line here and read somebody elses review about rubbing under the collar VERY HARD. Finally, the tail wagged, the foot moved and then, it actually licked. What a piece of work, very cute but WAY too much work. In time, I will eventually rub all the fur off under the collar. Save your money 
I support the comments that others make: this game is so poorly designed, it is laughable. I cannot imagine that the designers or writers even sat down to play the game once.  Forget trying to follow the directions; they left out many important rules.  The board doesn't work, especially the way the pieces fit into it, and what a terrible ending with a spinner that doesn't even work like a spinner.  What is up with that?  Forget this game 
Well, this game is fun but I can't believe some people thought that it would actually take you into space! Well, Its kinda stupid you just take apart a house puzzle according to some stupid card. But still, the game is really fun. --- Delane 
We bought this dollhouse, because when we went to the store, it had an adorable display and looked like a step up from the Twintime Dollhouse, which has very small rooms.  You could press the button on the display, and the people would talk to each other.  My kids thought it would be great.  When we were at Toys R Us, I looked for accessory furniture/people/animal sets to go along with this dollhouse.  I did not see any.  I thought it was probably due to Christmas just having passed.  We got home, opened the dollhouse and discovered that there really were not many phrases that the provided people/furnitureanimal did, so I went to Amazon to try to find more sets in order to achieve the purpose of this dollhouse (to get the 200 phrases). Thats when reality set in that we had just made a huge mistake.  You cannot find ANY accesory pieces for this set.  You can go on Ebay and pay many times more than the original price for USED furniture.  I was really disappointed.  I even tried the Fisher Price website, only to find that they are marketing the Twintime Dollhouse furniture for this Sweet Sounds Dollhouse.  What a shame and a sham....  I really like Fisher Price toys and we have many, but I am very disappointed in the fact that they are trying to fool the consumer.  What good is a dollhouse, if you cannot get it to accomplish what it says it will do---200 phrases.  Not to mention, what is included with the Sweet Sounds Dollhouse is not much.  Just a Mom, Dad, girl, baby, swing, cradle, radio, cat, and a scant few more pieces.  Definately not enough to keep the kids interested for long!  There are actually three Fisher Price dollhouses that are still available, this one, the Twintime Dollhouse, and the one we eventually ended up buying at Value City (also available on Ebay)--the Fisher Price Special Edition Townhouse.  It has a doorbell that rings, doors that open, birds that sing, phone that rings, lights that come on, fridge light comes on, computer lights up(and is part of a desk set attached to the dollhouse), and a fireplace that crackles and lights up (which is also attached to the dollhouse).  These things are all ON THE DOLLHOUSE itself.  No accesory furniture or people are needed to make this happen.  The battery replacement compartment is on the back on this dollhouse not the bottom, like the Sweet Sounds one.  The front of the Townhouse has flower boxes with likelike flowers you place in them (comes with the set).  You can get it A LOT cheaper than the Sweet Sounds Dollhouse, too (almost half the cost). It comes with a great deal of furniture:  2 beds with pillows and comforters and blankets, a lawnchair, 3 people, potted plant, real curtains, kitchen table and chairs, clothing for the people, computer chair, lounge chair and more.  The kitchen counter, stove, microwave and fridge are part of the dollhouse.  It also has closet doors that open and stairs the people can walk up.  You practically do not need to buy anything else, but if you do, you can get the Loving Family accesory people and furniture sets.  This dollhouse is so much larger to boot.  There is plenty of room to put everything. It shuts and closes together just like the Sweet Sounds, but it is clearly larger.  We also thought about the Twintime, but it had too many comments on how small the rooms were and the display at Toys R Us looked jammed packed.  I did not know how more than one child could play with it and not have a shoving match, because they could not play, as well.  My kids absolutely the Townhouse with all of its sounds, especially the doorbell.  The great thing about it is that these are greatly reduced in price, because they are an older model, which is what they should do with the Sweet Sounds Dollhouse.  Let the public know ahead of time, so their kids do not get disappointed, because it does not live up to what it says at the store. Thank Goodness I was able to take mine back, because I had my receipt and box.  Be careful and keep the box and receipt if you do choose to buy this dollhouse even after all of the warnings, because after your kids see that it does not do what it says and because it is on the small side compared with the Townhouse version, they may not want to keep it. When we took ours back, a Toys R Us worker stopped and talked to us and agreed that Fisher Price is just trying to get rid of their extra stock of Sweet Sounds Dollhouses. Unfortunately, it is at the consumers expense and disappointment!! 
My 5 yr. old son got this for Christmas and played with it only while we where watching (so we know he didn't do anything to break it).  The day after Christmas morning it stopped working...we changed the batteries that came with it and still it made noise but no longer would the shovel go up and down nor would it go in reverse.  I bought this from Toys R Us in our hometown.  I  threw the box away on Christmas day so I can't take it back.  I will try calling the company. 
I'm sure this would be a fun toy, but for us it didn't last long enough to find out.  We had this in our pool for 5 minutes and one of the guns stopped working.  The boys were very disappointed! I will be taking this back to the store tonight and try to exchange it with a new one that hopefully works 
Painting the plates is a fun activity because you can be creative. The only problem is that you have to be careful or they could crack or break 
Want a sure fire way to kill your party??  Put this DVD in, turn the music off, make people sit down and play this game.  It was not fast, it was not frightening, it was not fun. Your guests would have more fun watching the paint dry in your basement 
This is a very cute set however, it's not very well made and the holders are free-standing so when a ball knocks against it they fall over.  In regular croquet the wires are pushed into the ground so you don't have that problem.  With kids . . . the stands are knocked over frequently so you have to run over and set them back up in order for the game to continue.  I wouldn't buy this set again if I had it to do over.  Disappointing 
I bought this for my daughter when she was 2. I agree with the other reviewer about the weight of the product. It is so heavy that it can actually hurt a child if it turns over. I still let my daughter play with it but only when she's being supervised around it. And I have to make sure that the toy is not on any type of unstable ground. There are other good shape sorters out there - I wouldn't waste the money on this one because of the potential safety hazard. 
We bought this toy and returned it as it is poorly designed.  Because it is tall and narrow, once a few blocks are in it, it is nearly impossible to get any of the shapes in the lowest holes as the space inside the building is filled with blocks already.  This was a frustrating, not very fun toy for our then 12 month old son 
This seemed to be well put together and would do the job fine except it was not stated anyware that I saw as to the weight the zip line was for.  Rated at only 100 pounds was not enough of a weight limit for this child.  This information should be published in the advertisment 
The first time I "flew" the chicken it flopped 2 feet in front of me.  The second time it went about 6 feet.  The third time it decapitated!  I was left with a piece of stuffed chicken in each hand.  Unless you are accomplished at disassembling and reassembling stuffed animals, it is not repairable.  Save your money for something else 
My daughter loves the van but can rarely use it all alone! The doors pop off the babies fall out of their seats the stroller gets stuck on the roof rack (an elastic band) and the seat belts are just annoying! I can't even buckle them all up! Needless to say she still wants to play with it 
I'm sorry no as a matter of fact I am not sorry this doll looks like she can be in three six mafia video dancing in the background. Who told Mattel that this was a good idea? Is this Mattel's vein attempt to give the dolls an "urban" feel if Mattel feels this is appropriate to teach young girls to dress like ho's and teach them that their body is all that they have to offer then Mattel has some messed up views of the world. Honestly people this doll is not innocent looking it looks like it could be on that HBO documentary about hookers. What happened to the times when a kid could be a kid and play with a normal looking doll.  
We like the lunchbox because of the cute designs,but were a little disappointed in it's durability. The first time I dropped it on the ground,it scratched off parts of the design. So,mom did some creative thinking and did some touch up paint and sealed the design with "self laminating sheets". That did the trick. We also wished the thermos and lunchbox were insulated. Other than that, it's o.k 
My son is a Thomas fanatic.  This lunchbox didn't last one week without one of the legs snapping off, so it wouldn't stand up.  Then a few weeks later, he dropped it and the handle shattered.  Total waste of money.  It's a shame - it has a nice storage box in front, but the quality is below even what I'd expect from a Chinese sweatshop 
The box was a huge hit with my 4 year old and he LOVED the extra, "hidden" compartment for his treat on the front.  Ours however got a crack in it within the first few weeks.  It must have dropped just right on a corner.  It's still usable, but we'll probably be switching before Christmas break 
I would not suggest the purchase of this product as you will only get a few laughs before it starts falling apart to a useless stage.  If you have the money, and you want to buy it go ahead.  Maybe it's a great product and I just got a defective one, but still not a good show of product to me on their part 
Just about everything negative that can be said about this doll has been said here, but I still feel that I have to put my two cents in.  My daughter will be nine next month and, as always, she wants a Barbie doll for her birthday.  This is one doll that not only will my daughter NOT be getting, but one that she will never even see if I can help it.  Little girls love things that are shiny and sparkly and glitzy, but this doll goes way beyond that.  The doll looks like a [...].  The clothes and makeup just do not make sense in any other context.  Yes, it's just a doll, and it's the parent's responsibility--not the toy company's--to teach kids what is okay and what isn't.  But do you want your sweet little girl looking at this and imagining how pretty she will look one day in a crotch-length skirt? 
This is a new low, even for our feminazi-drenched anti-culture.  The whole message of this whore of a doll is to tell impressionable little girls that being superficial, arrogant, shallow and slutty are positive attributes, desirable & healthy, and that by contrast, having true strength of character, integrity, honor and modesty are for 'losers.'  In other words, looking and behaving like a skank tramp = "empowerment."  That term has been SO misued over the last 30 years (and particularly the last 10), that it ceases to have any truth to it whatsoever.  Barbie used to epitomize what it meant to be feminine, a lady, and fulfilled -- with a husband, a home and children.  Now that standard has been completely perverted and ruined with the onset of dolls like this -- exchanging true values (being a good wife and mother) for false ones (materialism and promiscuity).  Even Barbie's face has been uglified -- grossly overdone mascara/eyeliner and collagened-out lips -- resembling those hideous whored-out Bratz dolls.  Realize -- this is a WAR on our children's souls!  Mattel should be ashamed of themselves, to the hilt.  This is child abuse, pure and simple.  Any mother who allows their child to get one of these monstrosities should be jailed for neglect and have her tubes tied 
Isn't Barbie supposed to be pretty? She looks like an ugly prostitute, hands down. I wouldn't "wear that to a club" and neither would ANY of my friends. Her make up is gross, and especially the look on her face says, "Do me now." There's a difference between beauty and over-the-top trashy. You can't deny that she looks like a porn-star, which is an industry that is illegal for teenagers who get this doll to participate in, but I guess we're preparing our youth for this at a younger age now 
Ever wonder what drives someone's daughter to go into porn? This has got to be some of the most irresponsible marketing ever. Please do yourself a favor and make sure toy companys get the message to stop peddling this type of garbage 
Ok, I don't have this doll, I won't buy this doll...If I ever have a little girl she will never have anything like this. I saw some girls saying how the doll was appropriate for 10-13 and I almost fell out of my chair! This doll is -IN-appropriate for someone under 21! The short skirts the short tops. How the heck can Mattel think that this was a good idea? I'm 23 years old and I would NEVER dress like that NOR would I allow my CHILD to dress like that. Bottom line: SHAME ON YOU MATTEL!! 
This is pretty much kid vs kid only.  Adults cannot play along.  You can make it into a solo game for one child, but its really more like flash cards for spelling if you do that.  The product is basically a set of flash cards for spelling, with some letter cubes for the kids to spell out the words.  The rules propose two games, which are basically see if the kids spells the word right, they get to keep the card if they do, first kid with 5 cards wins.  Adults can pretend to play along if the child is younger and will "fall for it."  It really works as a game only if there are two kids the same age playing.  I don't know, but I can't see my daughter pulling this out when a friend comes over.  Therefore, to the extent this is a set of flash cards for spelling, its kind of expensive for what it is.  Don't get me wrong, you can definitely make it into a learning tool.  Your call. 
Like many others, the arm on my 4 year olds excavator broke as well  Who can we contact for help?  There is NO information on the box 
Toy makes EXTREMELY loud animal noises, along with a screeching motor when backing up or at top speed going forward.  My son enjoyed the heck out of it for about 2 minutes before my wife said it was going back to the store, which is exactly what I was thinking.  At least 3-4x louder than any other toy i've ever seen, let alone purchased.  Also when performing its "flip" maneuver, it gets stuck 70% of the time and then makes the same screeching motor sound while it repeatedly tries to reset its "flip arm".  Might be okay for just outside use if you can stand a lot of high pitched noise.  Controller was extremely toddler friendly compared to other RC toys.  Toy also seemed fairly tough. 
I bought this for my 4 year old grandson for Christmas.  We opened it up and sat on the floor and began putting it together.  He was excited because he is a Lighting McQueen fan.  He got about four pieces of it together and got very frustrated.  It would not stay together.  THE PUZZLE IS JUNK!!!!!!!!  The pieces are not flat and do not interlock so that they stay together.  He lost interest and left.  I finished it enough so that they were laying together to see the picture - which is very cute.  But, no way would they ever all fit together.  Do not waste your money on this.  I also had to retape the corners of the box, as they were all coming apart too.  Yea for cheap imports.  The USA is so much better off for them??????? 
a waste of my hard to come by money--- I am on a fixed income and bought this item for my 10 month old grandson for Christmas. Really a disappointment, good idea-BUT he can't even hear the animal sounds because they are so low..... If I could have taken it away from him, I definitely would have returned it for a refund!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Big disappointment. Cheaply made. T-rex model does not snap together, can not even fit together as parts are improperly molded.  Microscope less functional than a magnifying lens.  Volcano is ok, the plaster does work, but you must provide ingredients for the eruption.  Weather center very very flimsy and breaks.  I was quite surprised a name like Smithsonian would be associated with this low of quality in a product.  Supplies for crystals subpar for what is required.  Was an enormous disapointment after the holidays for my sons. 
I have to agree with the first two comments.   We went to check it out after my 4 year old saw it on TV and liked it because the bear had glasses just like him. The product seemed decent in the store, so we bought it. He has only played with it once or twice since Christmas. The only time he had fun with it was when I got mad and yelled at the thing because it wouldn't do what it is supposed to.  SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DON'T BUY THIS JUNK 
I bought this for my 5 year old daughter for Christmas.  She played the sound game.  She always got the answer correct, but 60-70% of the time the bear still said it was incorrect.  The rest of the family tried it and it did the same thing.  Therefore, this is not a learning toy and it is no fun.  After trying a few times and the bear telling my daughter she was incorrect when she actually was, she decided she hated the thing and didn't ever want to play with it again.  I took the thing back to the store and got a refund 
I bought this with high hopes of getting a well modeled vehicle. It took about only ten minutes to put together, and it comes with General Greivous!!! But, the legs are really weird. I wasted $20.00 dollars at a local super target I could have got a star wars video game or a few figs..... I just like adding it to my collection. But, if you have the Obi-Wan with Boga, put them together like I did.  The Star Wars saga has introduced some really good toys, I am just saying that this toy is fairly good. Not a favorite. I suggest it to a collecter only........  I love the line of E3 collectables. They really rock. I suggest this because it is okay in the stage of durable and fun. Star Wars E3 General Greivous' wheel bike is a great toy I hope people should think about buying 
This is more for a kid who is 4 or 5 years old NOT 8-11 as it states. Talk about a waste of money. I returned this the next day for a refund as my 10 year old daughter would have been so upset with me had she received this under the Christmas tree this year. It was a shame the description wasn't more accurate, because I was not refunded my expedited shipping costs I paid for this "TOY" Thumbs Dow 
Just what the world needs, another clone of the worst board game ever to sell like hotcakes.  I can not think of any reason to recommend this game. The winner is determined by luck, there is no skill involved in winning this or any game of monopoly. The game hardly fits into a single evening of play, and for a few unlucky players who exit early that means either sitting around watching or finding something else to do (This may be a blessing if it means not playing anymore).   So to anyone who is buying this to play it (not because you are a huge dog fan and must own everything that has a dog on it) I recommend that you look into a better product.  I would start by going to Google and searching on "board game". Follow the 1st link you find 
this product arrived broken and all the pieces are smashed.  The saddest part is it was a birthday gift for a child who really wanted to play.  Now, learning I purchased this from toys r us via amazon have found i cannot return it to amazon it has to go thru the manufacturer. To rate this product is very hard because it is in pieces. 
I bought this for my 7 year old son. It did not take long before the A and B buttons became stuck in the down position. The games were not that challenging for a 7 year old. But he thought it was great when the A and B buttons fouled up, he said it made it more of a challenge. Dad thinks the thing is a piece of crap 
I purchased this for my sons birthday this year. He is three. He was so excited to have the play tent but when I took it out of the box and started to put it together I noticed the stitching was not straight and missing in some places. It took him no more than 24 hours to brake it. The plastic supports and cheap fabric were horrible. There was also a center support pole with no place to put it. He likes it but the quality craftmanship was a ZERO. 
"Jack" doesn't pop up after only a few weeks of owning it.  Don't waste your money 
I bought this for my pony-obsessed daughter for Christmas, mostly because it was the only way to get the Breezie "Zipzee" (one of the main Breezies in the new movies). Thank goodness I wasn't expecting much out of this toy after reading reviews on the other playsets, because it didn't even last a day! After I assembled the "braiding" handle and my daughter quickly learned how to operate it herself, she came out not an hour later in tears because it had fallen apart. Not the handle you snap on, mind you. That was still firmly attatched. The rest of the mechanism had more or less disintegrated as she used it! Fortunately she gets enough use out of Zipzee and Daffidaisy that it wasn't too much of a loss that I had to throw it away only hours after opening the box.  So, unless you're really after Zipzee or Daffidaisy, don't waste your money on this junky thing that could potentially be a choking hazaard for younger siblings. Horrible!! 
I bought this as a Christmas present for my 4-year-old daughter.  She is a huge My Little Pony fan.  Ponyville lives in our house in fact.  We got it out and played with it for a couple hours.  We didn't have the problems described with the hand crank.  That seems to be very durable.  The problem is with the flower that Zippee goes in.  A pony steps on the flower to open the flower and then you wind the gear counter clockwise to close it.  After a couple hours, the flower petals are now broken and can't be repaired.  Toys certainly don't have the quality in them that they used to.  Hasbro's quality in general has declined.  This was demonstrated in the newest My Little Pony Castle as well.  This toy has some neat features.  The crank works well and the braiding mechanism is useful.  The Breezie that lives in the flower goes along with the story in the My Little Pony video series.  The colors are vivid and bright.  I would have liked to suggest that the pink stage that the Daffidazey stands on should have had built-in storage to hold the hair accessories.  Some additional clips would also have been a nice addition to this set.  4 clips for a set that is designed to do all your ponies' hair is a bit skimpy.  The braids are nice and tight and even a young child can operate this toy....with a bit of assistance.  (Hint:  Putting suction cups or velcro hook and loop on the bottom makes it even easier for little ones to play with minimal adult assistance) 
worst product ever.  I really trust crayola, but am having doubts after these new outdoor products.  Theyre just terrible- made shotty- they dont work.. i am very disappointed. this spins so fast that none of the paint comes out- then it just pours out in a big wet mess. just awful 
We bought this for my daughter for her birthday.  Like the previous reviewer we also didn't realize we needed to dilute the paint first.  Even with the paint diluted properly it doesn't really work as expected.  You have to wait for the paint to drip down to the bottom of the tube and then turn the spinner on.  Even then only a bit of paint comes out and you have to turn it off and wait for more to drip down.  I plan on returning this toy for a refund as well. 
I bought this product for my children because it looked neat!  What they don't tell you is that the paint must be diluted before you can use it (why not include the pre-diluted paint?  But I digress....).  Even after thinning the paint, the product hardly spins.  If we could get it to work, it seemed like a neat concept.  But it just doesn't work.  I have no idea if it is because it needs very thin paint or the motor is weak or what.  We returned ours for a refund 
I purchased this item for my 5 year old daughter who loves Barbie.  It is a simple game, but maybe a little too simple.  She got bored with it really fast.  She played it once and never again.  The board was very flimsy and not made well 
Our boys had a good time with this toy, but after a 5-6 launches it broke! Not just the wings but the plastic body.  I feel like it was a waste of money and over priced 
I am very disappointed with this product. The volume is not adjustable, and the default sound setting is so loud that it can be heard in another room, even with a door closed.  Electronic toy voices are occasionally annoying or difficult to understand, this is the case here. So, needing to have something repeated... loudly... can "get on your nerves".  I will be more careful in the future and not assume that all speaking electronic toys come with adjustable volume. Buyers beware! 
My stepmom bought a set of these for each of my three kids ages 12, 9, and 6. All I have to say is do not buy these!!!! My six year old did great on the first page but as the other reviewer said the film gets all over the markers. we even tried washing them off and it did no good. Also when my 6 year old was coloring he would rest his arm on the bottom of the page and when he would pick it up it would be covered in black. Bottom line about 30 minutes after they got them my kids arms and faces were COVERED in black smudges as were my hands somewhat just from holding their pictures to look at them. MESSY MESSY MESSY.  My 12 year old finally just went and stuck one of the papers under running water and washed off all the black to see the neon underneath and this proved to be the least messy but least rewarding way to do it. Good idea bad execution. My kids who are crazy for any kind of arts and crafts HATED these things. Save your money and buy regular papers and markers and crayons 
My son loves the Color Wonder line by Crayola, so when I saw that they came out with a new creation called Color Explosion, which is another marker-type of product, I knew I had to try it.  Now, I wish I'd saved my money.  First off, you should know this product is not for preschoolers.  Color Explosion is recommended for children 6-years and up.  Now that I've played with it, I concur.  I came upon this product when arrangements were made to watch my 9 and 10-year old nieces for a week.  I thought the Color Explosion would be a hit, and I planned to treat them with this "art" related project throughout the week.  They were excited to try it, and once I settled Monkey Boy, my 5-year old, with a project of his own, we got started.  At first glance, it looked to be a winner.  The girls were having fun.  Then, we started another page, and the markers became icky.  Gummy is probably a better description.  The markers were covered with a black film, which caused the images to look splotchy, and streaky.  Crayola suggests you wipe the markers off with a paper towel, so we did.  It kept happening.  For instance, we'd draw a short line, and then we'd have to wipe the film off again.  Then, we tried to wipe off the images with a paper towel.  That didn't help either.  Color Explosion is too painstaking for a child's activity.  We began to realize that it wasn't a blast, but a bummer.  Crayola warns against moisture, but even fingerprints will spear the pages, and the film comes off onto your hands, the table, and everything else.  Oh, and if you use the glitter set, it clumps, and mixes with the film, and makes a liquidy black goo that stains fabrics.  The company warns about staining, and suggests washing immediately, but come on.  Did they even test market this product?  What I thought would be an entertaining venture, turned out to be a messy disappointment.  
I bought this toy along with Mr. Incredible for my son's birthday.  He loves the movie and was very excited to get these toys.  Unfortanitly, they lasted all of five minutes before Syndromes head fell off, and Mr. Incredibles hand broke off.  After that I had to deal with a crying kid.  If you want the toy just to look at, then it is good, but if you buy it for your child,don't expect it to last long 
 To start with, the description of this kit is false. There are NOT 75 pieces... only 11. The detail is VERY, VERY poor... large soft-edged raised blocks with only the vaguest resemblance to the Death Star as seen in the films. You'd honestly be better off starting with a smooth plastic ball & making a Death Star from scratch, rather than buying this kit. 
As Star Wars kits go, it's better than most. Ertl should have spent more time on the molds and getting the details right.  The kit, while having very few parts, is not a novice kit. It has fit issues and badly &#65279;mis-aligned parts. The upper and lower fuselages do not mate well and the solar panels do not align well with the hull. The solar panels tend to cant to the rear, not setting in line with the fuse.  It's a case of both of the parts, the solar panels and the fuselage being out of alinement. Much work is needed to get the solar panels to aline with the hull and the mounting pylons.  One bright spot is the well defined, engraved panel lines and the small details. The upper hatch and cockpit glass is the clearest of the Star Wars kits I have built.  It's better than the X-Wing and other fighters and is as good in the detail department as the AT-AT. Having not built the rare Tie Fighter kit, I cannot say how it rate against it.  Once the fit problems are dealt with, and a good paint job is applied, it makes a good display, but it requires some modeling experience to get it to look as it should. The stand is not sturdy enough for the weight of the model. I suggest a clear plastic rod and a wooden base 
This product is a box o' junk.  My son got this for Christmas this year and it is not even worth whatever the person paid for it.  The hat fell apart within three days (and he hardly played with it - just wore it on his head a few times) - the metal rim around the hat came undone and now there is a sharp metal point sticking out through the cloth on the hat, which is obviously dangerous.  I contacted the company and they have not responded. 
The Barbie Plug and Play 12 Dancing Princesses thing is a joke.  My daughter only wanted that for Christmas for three months.  After the one on Christmas morning did not function at all, the second one was so terrible that she gave up after two days.  The graphics are straight from 1981 and the "dancing princesses" even make roboty bendy noises as they move.  Very strange and disappointing 
doesn't do much for the price.  basically your daughter watches the ballet dancers on the tv screen & tries to follow along.  it's not even step by step & frankly it's somewhat difficult to follow.  wish i had spent my $$ on something else.  : 
I wouldn't even give this toy one star if I wasn't forced to.  Mattel should be ashamed of themselves for putting out a product with 1980's graphics and even worse sound.  It sounds like my husband's 1985 Casio watch.  The only thing they did well with this product is market it.  I gave this to my daughter from Santa and I am still going to return it. 
I have to agree with the other on here. I got this for my 5yr for christmas and She seemed to enjoy it the first day using it but now It sits in her room plugged into the tv and she hasnt really gotten much use out of it. I was thinking it was going to be more of a mat where you learn to dance from the mat, not oh watch the charaters on the tv and follow thier lead. I tried and didn't think it was all that fun either. I threw the box away and I'm sure I need that to return it. If I could I would get her something else in return that she could use 
Again, the graphics are horrible, the mat is boring and not colorful. My 3 1/2 yr old had a hard time matching the colors on the tv to the ones on the mat b/c they are so faded. She used it once and it has been sitting in the corner ever since...complete waste of money 
This was very dissapointing!! my daughter was so excited to get it and could barely use it. the mat is supposed to be color coordinated with the screen however the colors seem to be all the same shade. The mat looks like it comes from the dollar store, or they ran out of color at the factory. My daughter asked her sister why mommy got this ugly one....not like the box or commercial! 
Santa gave this to our daughter this year.  I am thoroughly disappointed with it.  We put the batteries in and started it up.  After reading the how to part, the graphics are terrible.  I had to prompt her to which flower to step on, not that that was necessary.  The princesses started dancing without stepping on the flower, it just made a funny sound.  The dancers go fast and fuzzy.  You can't tell for sure what the foot work is doing for the ballroom steps.  I even went on the mat and "tried."  My daughter lasted all of about five minutes and was done.  I hope Santa will take this back 
My daughter just received this as a Christmas gift.  She was so excited.  My husband and mother-in-law went to the tv to install it.  15 minutes later my five year old is in tears.  I wish this had been reviewed before we purchased.  The graphics are terrible.  This will be going back to the store.  Glad I still have the receipt. 
Like many overhead gym type toys, this one turns out to be for short or legless babies. When my daughter kicks the kickplates, she kicks the toy right away from her (and this is on carpet), and when we brace the toy against something, she kicks herself right out from under the toy. We have found the same to be true for a number of similarly designed toys. Now that we have looked at the box more closely, the baby in the picture has his/her legs bent really hard in order for the baby to fit under the toy. Our daughter is 3 1/2 months old and is already too big for this. On a positive note, this is a very well made toy in all other respects. Looks durable, as are all Chicco toys, and the music and lights are pleasant. Another negative: you apparently have to push the two hanging toys to get them to activate sound and lights, and most babies want to pull them. Might be good for a tummy toy, but we're not waiting for that--we'll try the Chicco 3 in 1 gym instead, as it appears to be a much better bang for the buck and does not have a kick plate 
Wish I could give this a negative.  When I did finally get a sticker out, it wouldn't stay stuck to anything for more than five minutes.  Ended up sending it back to the wholesaler as unworkable and overpriced 
I recently purchased this computer for my twin granddaughters who are four.  I have returned them because the screen is too small.  Additionally, I thought it would have a word processor; it does not.  It is game oriented 
It's Christmas Day, and believe me, the only thing that would get me to sit down at a computer is the level of dissatisfaction I've had with the Thomas battery powered engines.  These trains derail constantly.  I think it is because all four wheels have power, and the front wheels have too much traction, so they are able to climb out of the grooves.  Took me all night to set up a really cool track, and they derail every 40 seconds or so.  Read: 3 year old yelling at train.  Thank goodness I also bought a Brio battery powered engine as well (the Polar Express one).  It works much better.  It has not derailed once all morning.  It also is better in the following ways: 1) It shuts off after 2 minutes so you don't lose battery power, 2) it can go into freewheel mode when you want to use it without power, 3) it goes in reverse, 4) it makes train sounds, 5) the coupling to other cars has a swivel which means it is less likely to derail and more likely to maintain the magnetic connection, 6) it comes with batteries installed.  If "Santa Claus" had not disposed of all the packaging last night, I would return all the battery operated Thomas Trains and go with Brio ones.  Note: there is a good thomas battery powered car which is the jet engine.  This jet engine has the swivel, and seems not to derail, maybe because it pushes the other cars in front of it 
 This kit is very poorly detailed, and matches the filming miniatures only in the sense of the basic overall profile being pretty close.   There's a MUCH better model of an X-Wing out there. Do a web search for a company called "Fine Molds"... it's a Japanese company that makes a finely-detailed 1/72 scale X-Wing that is modeled directly from the filming miniatures, including parts to build different ships from the original film's Death Star battle, including standing & seated pilot figures & different droid types.   It's a bit more expensive than this kit, but you get what you pay for. 
We had it for two weeks then it  broke.  The screen flashes on and off for no reason.  Nothing happened to it--it just started doing that.  Very weird.  No online support available from fisher price for this system either.  I bought several games that cannot be played now.  The kids liked it while it lasted though. We also have a Leapster which has lasted us eight months so far.  My boys like it much better too!!  So if you're going to buy a learning system I would recommend the leapster. 
I bought this for our 3yo son who loves heavy equipment and digging in the dirt. This is a cool toy as far as being a pretty good replica of a real one but it does not work well in dirt or sand. Fine sediment gets caught in tracks and after a short amount of time, the tracks quit turning. Then the handles on the arm do not move the bucket well. My son has since ripped off the tracks and does not do any digging with it but still enjoys pushing it around. Don't buy this if you want your kid to actually dig dirt, it would be good inside toy or outside but away from dirt or sand. But, I think it was intended for playing in these areas, so the rig is not that well designed. 
I had two problems with this item.  First, the planter is very small (only about 6 inches in length).  Secondly, it never grew!  I bought it for a first grade science experiment, but the class was very disappointed because nothing happened.  This item was not worth the money spent 
When my grandson first received the game he loved it! Then he and his family had to re-locate which meant taking down the game. When they got to their new home, the game doesn't stay up like it did 
I picked this item up for my 6 year old nephew who loves science. We put it together one night and I was surprised to find that the base and volcano are incredibly thin plastic that crack under any pressure at all. The plaster/sand mixture was impossible to work with, it just balled up into clumps and there was no real way of spreading it around smoothly. We both ended up with plaster all over us. Once it had dried, he was excited to get to paint it. As soon as he began to paint, parts of the plaster started breaking off in chunks. Hooking the plastic tubing up was not a major problem but I had issues keeping it hooked together. The "pump" system was supposed to send vinegar into a baking soda chamber to push up into the volcano. Instead the "pump" (which was a squeeze bottle) pushed the vinegar weakly upwards and then once it hit the baking soda chamber it clogged up. When it finally made its way out through the volcano after me squeezing the bottle as hard as possible, it barely trickled out. Once it had trickled enough, the rest of the plaster fell off as it got wet. He and his sisters just looked at me and asked "Is that it?" After three tries we trashed the whole thing. Also, the "rock samples" that they give you in the kit are the size of the tip of your fingernail. I'm a geologist and these are not rare, expensive rocks. There was no reason to not include larger samples. He was very disappointed in the whole thing and so was I. I can't believe that the Smithsonian put their name on this product. We'll go back to our plaster volcano with vinegar and baking soda 
These trains are very neat and my sons loved them when we first got them.  They each have been through two sets with the same result...the water leaks out after you've had them awhile.  They are not worth the money.  I highly recommend investing in another train instead of the aquarium cars.  This was the first time my guys have been disappointed with a Thomas product. 
As others have stated the DVD mini-games are nearly impossible to play due to wonky controls. I also have no idea what the cards or pieces are for, other then they may come into play if you "win" the main game.  They should have just done a choose your own adventure type game.  It would have been less high-tech, but you could at least have a laugh when you choose "set up a perimeter" and the terrorists once again escape.  DO NOT BUY 
Wow, I have never seen anything like this.  It's worse than bad; it is virtually unplayable from a technical perspective.  At the very least, Amazon should refuse to carry it 
This game was put together with a nice concept, be a CTU agent and help Jack Bauer stop the terrorist attack.  Also, I liked the fact that there is a mole and that someone right next to you could destroy the whole game.  However, the interactive games and such used to get more clues are not made well.  Though you try to do what it tells you to do, it doesn't seem to work.  Since these interactive parts are so simple, yet not made in a way that one can control what is going on, you waste your time trying to do them and you never get to the end.  I had three college students and two adults try it adn no one could seem to get it to work correctly.  So, if some bugs were worked out, this game could be a much bigger success 
Sure wish my mother-in-law had read these reviews before giving this to me for Christmas.  Tried to play it once with my parents, who are also big 24 fans, a few nights later and were sorely disappointed. This game was obviously just shoved out the door to feed off the popularity of 24 the show and not to garner any popularity in its own right.  The mini-games were an exercise in extreme frustration.  The problem is that the DVD is not ideal for those mini-games.  Whenever you try to move there are only two subsequent animations: the successful one and the unsuccessful one, which made it seem like it was just moving at random. Other than that it seemed like the game was going to be pretty linear, the clue cards contained no useful information, and the board completely superfluous, unless apparently you are masochistic enough to get to the bonus level 
This was a waste of money!!  I bought these for my daughter Sophie, who is 23 months old, as a Valentines Day gift.  The crayons are very small and the holder makes them appear to be bigger.  The crayons all kept falling out of their holders and my daughter didn't enjoy playing with them.  I WAS NOT IMPRESSED and DO NOT RECOMMEND these to anyone. 
I'm not going to go into my childhood, or how I love the Transformers or any of that stuff, I just wanted to give a quick review.  As always, you get what you pay for.  I bought this today and within five minutes of transforming it one of the joints popped out and I can't for the life of me get it to sit correctly back in the socket.  Bottom line is that it is very cool that ten dollars will get you a G1 inspired Astrorain or Starscream, but be aware these feel very flimsy and are definately better utilized sitting on your desk at work in robot mode than being transformed back and forth while you are bored watching TV.  Very cool, very flimsy, very inexpensive 
Santa brought this item.  We opened it several days later and it broke the same day. 
We purchased all of the figures for my daughter for Christmas.  Within 2 weeks of her receiving this one, the pin fell out of her leg and her leg fell off.  We replaced it with a new one and the pin on the leg of that one fell off within a month.  The head does not stay on invisible violet, Syndrome broke in half, Violet's pin fell out of her arm, and Mr. Incredible lost the pin in his leg.  My daughter does not play rough with her toys.  Just normal play and they fell apart.  Also, Helen is supposed to be Elasta girl.  Why didn't they make her stretch?  Didn't make sense to me 
This toy was so frustrating, the pieces wouldn't snap together properly and it was messy and my son ended up walking away from it he was so fed up.   This was after a half an hour of me attempting to make the pieces fit together properly.  In the end, it looked like a pile of cloudy lime Jello with plastic bones sticking out of it.  I would not reccomend this toy 
I don't usually write reviews but had to voice my opinion on this toy.  I agree with the other review that the dolphins do not stay attached to the chariot and this frustrates my 4-year-old daughter!  Also our dolphins fall off and the one that is supposed to flip around gets stuck and does not flip half the time.  All that being said, she loves it 
OK as far as novelty goes these ducks are SOOOO funny and what a great take on the rubber ducky!!! I bought them for my 1 year old just because I am sooooo tired of the original version of the yellow ducky. Anyone who feels this lil duck TOY is devil worship to has some serious issues, and I would suggest they need to seek some professional help. So for the faint of heart dont buy the duck because I think it has magical powers which will make you giggle in delight. 
On the shelf or on line, this trucks shovel appears to lock into position above the rig but it doesnt. It took me nearly 10 minutes to remove strapping anchored to this truck within the packaging. My son spent a minute playing with this truck only to move on to his other toys. Yeah, the shovel portion drags on the floor and will NOT lock into position above the rig. This truck can hardly be moved through the carpet much less in sand. I grew up with Tonka trucks and this was obviously designed by some young suit that was babysat by the television and playstation. If your looking for a durable fun truck for your child, move on as this truck wont get the smile your looking for. 
 OK this isnt really a review but more of a reaction to another review, which in my opinion was written by no child.  It's just a doll...get over it. And stop wasting the space where some of us people actually write real reviews. I just had to say something about that. Oh...I did order this doll but I'm still waiting for her to arrive : 
This item is REALLY small. I didn't read the other reviews and missed the info on the actual size of the item. In hindsight, I wouldn't have order it had I paid more attention. I think the other products from Haba (eggs and teabags) are worth the money for the size. 
This is VERY small. It's too small for a play kitchen. And you only get one not two like is pictured 
I received my order today, and discovered (as with all of the Hasa products in my order) that although more than one item is pictured--  only one comes with the order.  The item itself is very small, 2 1/2" X 1".  That, fine, I can accept since the cost was under two dollars and since the item is made of wood, lifesize would make play a work-out for most children. However, shipping only one without a clear statement that each order is for ONE item and does not include all the items in the photograph is false advertising 
This game is NOT for die hard fans of FRIENDS. The game bored me in 5 minutes. You need to watch like three episodes to get most of the questions correct and a lot of it are common sense. I was not at all challenged and did not enjoy playing this game and want to sell it back after playing it for 30 minutes. Don't buy it 
The main issue is the controls. We are having a hard time getting this thing to fly well and the idea of pulling down to go down is weird to us pilot types. It tends to just nose dive regardless. We will give it another go at the park tomorrow but so far all it does is crash. That it's still in one piece is amazing 
They show a pony in the picture. But You won't get it, just be careful when you think you will get the dining set and the pony. If you mistakly bought it . Just keep it. You will only get partial refund which is half the buying price. 
The horse doesn't stay hooked on to the carriage too well. It always comes apart. It's a pain. It's also tricky to get the horse to stay standing. It's cute to look at, but my daughter lost interest in it quickly 
Cheaply put together and does not include the things listed on the editorial review.  I am extremely disappointed.  The sides fall out when you close it making the crayons dislodge and roll around.  It is obvious that hinges on the box will wear out quickly.  I just cant believe it is such poor quality coming from Crayola 
This is junk, cheap plastic, no instructions, arrived with some pieces broken (not in shipping); much better products available for the cost.  From the description, I expected a much better product.  This is not it; a bargain at 1/3 the price, maybe 
Back in the day (1970's) these were made with a stiff, strong PLASTIC, rigid "insert" w/ the poly-rope outside. This gave the "leash" a realistic, "tight but curved under own weight" appearance, & a believable / realistic "bounce" to the "dog" with the most imperceptible wrist action on the part of the "dog walker". HOWEVER, THIS PIECE OF CRAP has a thick soft wire inside the leash, and this gives the leash a very phony, fake-looking, too-heavy, all bent-up look. PIECE OF JUNK PIECE OF JUNK PIECE OF JUNK ! 
The idea behind this toy was a cute one, but it stops there.  Within five minutes of playing with this toy, it broke.  The dog halter broke off the wire leash and could not be repaired.  The whole thing ended up in the trash on Christmas Day! 
I love legos, however I too was not real impressed with the 50th Anniversary tub. The Lego.com websites description of the contents: Each bucket includes LEGO System bricks in your favorite LEGO colors, plus a handful of gold-colored bricks! Let's be real, we're talking a child's handful, not adult. My daughter was lucky enough to get 8 gold bricks in her bucket. Another child I know got 4, his brother 5. The duplo set I bought had 6. If you're buying for the gold bricks, it's not worth the money 
There are many significant shortcomings in this interactive DVD game.  I do not recommend it at all. It is not at all like the real Feud. The most frustrating shortcoming is that you must get the answers in the right order, since it reveals them in order, or you lose.  No steals, no strikes.  Sadly, I can't return it since its a DVD game 
This game fell apart after we got out of the box.  I didn't even get a chance to play this with my five year old before it fell apart.  Be careful, I wouldn't get this if you have children who are rough on their toys.. 
Long story short.  Bought for daughter for Christmas...it is in the trash...This was THE WORST TOY/DOLL purchase ever 
This is one of the most beautiful looking barbies we have ever bought. It is also the worst doll to date!  The doll NEVER worked from day one. It's tail bent up and it made grinding noises and didn't move or swim - just laid there. All the reviews on this site (which seemed to have disappeared since I notified MGA - the toy maker) were correct - NOT ONE BUYER had a working doll!!! We bought this for my daughter, niece and friend - and NONE of the 3 worked. It's not hard to follow the directions - they are pretty simple - so that is not the problem.  Also, the hair falls out and is EVERYWHERE in the bath water (pretty gross), and the bikini top is near impossible to get back on correctly!  Overall, the biggest disappointment in a toy so far 
I was very excited to give this to my 8 year old Pokemon addict. The toy is very cheap - comes in attached plastic and needs to be assembled. When assembled the wing breaks off constantly and the tail doesn't stay together. JUNK! 
My son received this figure for his birthday - it broke within the first 5 minutes.  The sign on his chest lights up, which is cool - but now he has no legs, so he certainly can't run 
I bought this game hoping to have another great game for my girlfriend and I (we became bored playing backgammon all the time) and we are disappointed.  This game has nothing to do with any lost cities.... it's just a card game that requires you to stack cards in numeric order to get points...  you group the cards by color (which are supposed to represent cities????) and eventually the game ends after a certain number of cards are played and you tally up a bunch of numbers, divide that by pi, and then take the square root of you birth year and multiply that by five to see if you have either earned points or need to subtract them.  Then you do the math for your partner.  We tried to play it a few times and it was just kinda dumb.... (The points arn't that difficult really!), but this game was a waste of time and twenty some odd dollars.   I suggest you take the $20 and buy a bottle of hooch, and have some real fun with your partner... unless you are 8 years old... in which case this game might be fun.  Just Terrible 
This toy seemed like a fun idea, however it is utter chaos.  The toy moves randomly over the page and does not make any sort of comprehensive design.  Actually our table received more ink than the paper and then the kids could not get it to turn off.  I think it may be slightly posessed! 
I bought this Barbie after seeing two pictures of angel Barbies on the website and reading the Manufacturer's Description. One picture seems to have been deleted now. The Manufacturer's description is of an angel with a dark blue dress and a long gold sash. I trusted that the Manufacturer's description, which matched one of the pictures, was the correct angel. The doll with the light blue dress is not impressive at all. It is very simple with vinyl wings. Be aware of which you are purchasing, the description is deceptive and incorrect 
My wife and I purchased the VIDEONOW XP Interactive Video System for my son this Christmas however when we did Walmart was out of the headphones.  Well I was on Amazon one day and decided to look here.  I ordered them and was seriously disappointed when they arrived.  My 5 year old son attempted to put them on and all they did was fall to his shoulders.  No matter how we tried that is all they would do.  My 12 year old daughter decided to try them with her mp3 player with the same result!  I am able to wear them however even with my 30 year old head (size 8 1/4) it is still loose.  These are not adjustable which of course makes things all the worse.  I would just go ahead and pick up some other company's aftermarket headphones for your child.  If Tiger reads the reviews of their products at all then they need to ensure that they rethink the engineering of this device 
My friends and I spend hours selling lemonade using this stand!! 
I have bought two of these toys for my son, an only child and pretty gentle on toys.  It has been kept in his bedroom away from his playgroup.  He has not even played with it regularly.  Yet BOTH times these toys BROKE WITHIN MONTHS OF PURCHASE!!!  Yes, it is fascinating.  And like other reviewers, I've also had some fun with it myself. But I am disgusted that it broke down so easily--twice.  There must be a reason that Amazon doesn't offer new ones for sale; please think hard about buying a new one elsewhere.  Unless you don't mind looking at the $30 you'll pay as a month or two of entertainment, look to other gear toys that don't depend upon this lousy motor. 
Ummm...I am a HUGE fan of Bratz, but this piece of junk is absolutely terrible. First of all, the eyes are super ugly. I can't believe they would make such an ugly product! The lips are fine. But I could reconsider by making better, cuter eyes! They broke when I had it after five minutes. THEY DO NOT BLINK. THEY TRY TO, BUT DON'T SUCCEED. DO NOT BUY!!  Second, the features are horrible. They are made so bad, I tried to make it walk since it couldn't on it's won! It does NOT walk. Note that. Also, it's head does not move. It was broken on mine and it made it fall down and the neck, while trying to move, muffled the song. Also, unless you wanna hear the same 20 second "Bratz Catz" song over and over again, do not buy this product. It will dissapoint your daughter like it did to me. I am the daughter, but am very dissapointed. I have returned mine and did not get a new one, either. I got some Bratz Babyz which were cuter than this junk!  I am warning you, this cat is brainwashed and should not be continued. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNLESS YOU WANT A CRYING DAUGHTER FOR IT!!!  Thank you for your patience and gratuity in reading this grievance.  Love, Brownie, baby doll lover. Get babies instead, they're cute! 
it has know fun.  no education.  and is a wayst of time 
We looked for a trash truck that our 4 year old boy could play with. On the surface, the Bruder looked the part. Not as cartoon-looking as some, the fact that it looked like a real trash truck but had few obvious breakable parts made it seem like an ideal choice.  Actual play testing though shows this product isn't very well-built, at least not enough to withstand normal wear and tear. This truck wasn't subjected to being thrown down the stairs, jumped on, etc. It's been just played with, but it started coming apart quickly.  The hinged door in the back of the truck is a poor design. The plastic hinges on the truck are too thin, and break easily. The plastic hinges on the door start to bend after multiple open/closes, and the plastic weakens and breaks off.  The hinged front compartment and rear sections are difficult to operate, and stick easily. Items put into the cab (like the essential green army man who drives the truck) easily get caught in here and are very difficult to remove.  Worse though is the key point of this toy, the ability to latch the trash can to the lifting/dumping mechanism. This is way to complex for a child, and the intricacy in getting a solid connect is difficult even for an adult.  If it's not hooked up right, the can falls off when you try to lift it; very frustrating.  Some little pieces (rear view mirror, etc) broke off easily and early on, but we kind of expected this. The parts were simply too small and fragile to last long. I don't hold this part against the design; part of the attraction was that it looked like a real truck, and I don't think there's an easy way to add small details without some fragility.  While this is orignally was one of my sons favorite toys, he can't really play with it the way he'd like to. While he still enjoys driving it around the house, he can't pick up the trash and dump it without an adults help, and that's a shame.  For the price, I expected so much more. 
I bought this as a gift for my 81 year old mother, who is impossible to please.  She needed a new card shuffler, as she wasn't pleased with her plastic, battery operated one.  I must admit, I thoroughly expected to have to return it, since I knew she wouldn't be pleased with it.  As it turns out, I did have to return it, but here's the surprise.  I was very disappointed in its performance too!  We could not get it to shuffle cards, whether they be from a new deck, or an old, worn out, dog eared deck.  Moral of this story -- please don't buy this item, whether you're difficult to please or not 
My daughter, 6, received this for Christmas. Her 4-year-old brother also  wanted to play with it.  The first problem is that there are NO INSTRUCTIONS included for how to put it together. This is a problem when you have two antsy kids eager to play with it. I was struggling with getting the various panels to snap together solidly when, after repeated attempts, I happened to look in the drawer underneath the colored bulbs and crayons, and found -- what do you know! -- screws. Then, after I put on the top, I realized I should have installed the light bulb first (you need a light bulb of 25 watts or less, not included). Then, when I thought I was done, I found I had a piece left over. Arrgh!  That extra piece was a clip that is supposed to hold a picture for tracing. Ha! Even after I installed it, there's no tension on the clip and very little chance that it will hold anything.  There are two drawers to hold the bulbs and crayons. Good idea. But for some reason the drawers catch and stick. How hard can it be to make drawers that slide easily in and out?  
This item looks great in theory, but it just isn't worth it. The pegs are made in all different sizes - some fall out, some don't fit in, and some stick out too far, leaving you with a messy look to your lite art. One of the crayons for the neon was broken when received, but it didn't matter, since it just looked like a regular crayon drawing on black paper anyway. If you do buy this item, be sure to purchase that 25w light bulb that isn't even included 
I am a breast cancer survivor and I find this pink dressed, blond "doll" of  perfection rather insulting to my female self, the perfect perky boobs, the long blond hair, the body that does not exist on a woman after the ravages of chemotheraphy.  I can perfectly understand Mattel wanting to support breast cancer research and donate a portion of proceedes towards funding (and thank you for your generosity), but to do it under the guise of selling a "doll" which does not reflect the community of women who have experienced the challenges of recovery and survivorship...a doll which does not look like a survivor is literally painful and insulting!  Why doesn't this doll have a wig?  Why doesn't she have a breast removed?  Why doesn't she have a bra fitted with a form to mimic the shape of a breast?  What is wrong with reality?  Why can't Mattel acknowledge the true nature of this disease and make a doll which comforts, not insults the sensibility of women who have suffered from this disease.  I will purchase this doll, just because I am horrified by the product itself.  I will disrobe her, and with a saw, cut off her breast so that she will look more like me, a survivor, a woman of pride.  I will dismantle the construct of supposed beauty and make this image more like my own - because I am what is woman, not the facade of a false construction. 
I purchased this toy based on the excellent reviews it had here at Amazon, it looked also like a fun toy with educational value.  I am very disappointed.  For starters, my son finds it very frustrating that the front pieces for eyes, face & hat can only go on in one order.  He also has trouble pulling the pieces apart once they are together, and he is very dextrous for his age.  Also disappointing is the lack of container to store all the pieces in.  Without this, the blocks are loose in my son's toybox and we can never find all the pieces.  The packaging could easily be redesigned to hold the pieces. All in all, it is not a toy he can sit and play with without assistance, as I had thought it might be.  When he does play with it he enjoys it for about 15 minutes and moves on to something else.  We could have done without this toy under our Christmas tree 
The kids got it for Christmas, and it looked like fun.  However, the one we got doesn't work at all.  I'm not sure if we just got a bad one or if this problem is common, but I can't even get it to turn on without changing the batteries, and then I can't get it to go into the game mode.  Plus, the rules of the electronic version are different, in that you lose all your points if you keep acting out words.  I prefer the rules of the old version better.  I'm planning to return this and get the old version 
Falls over constantly. Fustrating for everyone. Only good thing is the sleeping bag that comes with it 
This is not the usual quality that Playhut stands for.  The tent is held up by one plastic-corded pole that won't keep the tent upright.  My daughter gets trapped in it as it collapses.  The slumber bag is pretty, but the tent/tunnel is useless 
We were excited for the first bunch of stickers and then my 5 year old wanted to try it himself.  It jammed up and that was the end of it.  There are no instructions on how to fix it so I threw the cartridge away.  Don't waste your money 
My son and I have had the same experience with this sticker maker.  Great fun for the first 5-10 stickers but then the sticker role jammed and I did not have the opportunity to give the insides a good look before I was desparately trying to remember how it all went back together.  Too bad...he loved it while it lasted 
This is not a very fun toy.  My [...] got tired of filling the paint chamber because it would empty so quickly.  He also ended up dipping the brush into the paint jars.  He went through both jars of paint in under 10 minutes and was finished with the toy.  There wasn't enough paint to even create a picture.  The Happy Birthday pic on the back of the package must've taken over 20 bottles and a very skilled artist.  I think Crayola should stick to making crayons 
This paint brush globs out the paint, doesn't spread to make any kind of picture and the brush barely holds any paint. We went through both of the provided things of paint in about five minutes and had no picture to show for it. Not to mention that the bottle is to small for the brush to fit in so when the paint is about half way down you can't get the brush in it to suck the paint up.  I am so disappointed 
Paint doesnt load or expel easily...waste of money and time...my daughter is happier with a bucket of plain water and a brus 
I was very excited about this game until it came out of the box.  It looks great for my 3 year-old but as in other reviews the spinner ruins the entire game.  This should have been obvious at design and this game should never have made it to stores with this defect.  It is particularly frustrating because the concept seems so good with a lot of thought put into the educational value.  I think ill will is going to be the result of this penny minding in construction.  Leapfrog could have further enhanced the brand with this product but fumbled 
To anyone who buys this toy, keep the box and receipt handy.  We may be the odd one out, but we purchased this toy and it didn't work. The legs on Manny are to be pulled back to fire a rubber ball.  This didn't happen.  Rapid pushing and pulling of his legs produces 'rapid fire', and if we were lucky one would shoot out - after great effort. It comes with three foam balls, two of which fit, the third was slightly too big and would jam.  Ours is going back to the store today. 
Do not like this product at all...the girls on the video are not facing the right way for easy instruction...we have to go the opposite way...very uncool...my daughter started crying, too...i told her it wasn't her fault...you want your child to feel good about themselves and all it does is make them feel like they aren't good enough...do not waste your money 
We purchased this for our daughter after she loved the original ballet version so much. I expected the same quality of the original product and was very disappointed. The mat is very cheap and flimsy and my daughter broke the headset trying to get it on her head 
This toy, like several other Mattel toys I've purchased in the past 5 years are difficult to put together, troublesome to play with, and not durable. I wish Mattel would think more about the kids playing with their toys and less about the stockbrokers. Toys can be easy to assemble. Intuitive to play with and rugged as a tank. It just depends on priorities of the toy design/builder 
My son received this for Christmas 2005 and played with it every day. The conveyor belt is noisy when running and the sponges that whirl around at the end of the car wash were constantly falling off and getting lost. After a month of being played with on a daily basis the conveyor belt stopped working - it still made plenty of noise but didn't move anymore! When I called Mattel they couldn't offer me replacement parts as the toy was discontinued in 2001! Although they gave me a voucher to buy a replacement toy, it wasn't for as much as I paid for the toy. 
These figures look pretty decent at first glance but when you take them out of the box you see how bad they really are. My superman broke in half (at the waist) when I took him out of the box! Add that to the fact that there are only an average of six points of articulation on each (only three on Wonder Woman!) and you see that these aren't very high quality figures. Amazo is transparent, which makes no sense whatsoever. He isn't an invisible character. I also don't like that, while superman's S and belt stick out from his uniform, Bizarro's are merely painted on. Only buy this item if you love doomsday and its on sale. It's not worth its list price by a long shot 
This one is rather small and doesn't really look or feel like the rest.  Not as durable feeling as the others 
My daughter who is about to turn 4 loves this game.  She wants to play it constantly.  So it's good for their entertainment value but bad for yours. The dresses are hard to get on the dolls and they rip and tear very easily.  It takes as long to set the game up as it does to take it.  There are also some sketchy directions such as rolling the dice but not having to go as far as the die say but you can't go over that numbers i.e. you roll a 4 but you only want to go 3 spaces then that's allowed.  That's confusing when you're trying to teach your kids their numbers and how many spaces to go but otherwise you'd be rolling the dice forever trying to get to the one spot you're trying to reach 
We bought this game yesterday for our daughter.  The dolls are very difficult for her to dress.  We have to do it for her.  Also, two of the dresses have torn already after playing the game only about 4 times.  She loves the game and the princesses, and it does teach memory, but it could be made much better. 
Twice I gave this board game as a gift this holiday season, and my own 5-year-old daughter received it as a gift. While the idea of the game seems good, there seems to be some misleading print on the box. It indicates that the prinesses will be getting ready to meet Prince Charming at the ball, but there is no Prince Charming included in the game pieces--much to the dismay of my daughter! My biggest complaint about this game, however, is with the gowns and accessories the princesses wear as they move about the board. The straps of the dresses are very thin, and my daughter has broken three of the four gowns. She has also broken two crowns and the strap on one purse. My daughter plays with the rubber Polly Pocket things as well, and she has not torn/ripped any of those items, which makes me think the Crowns and Gowns items aren't made as strongly 
What a co-incidence, my first 3D puzzle too.  Average difficulty for the average user. Would not recommend it for the beginner.  The panels are not hard to put together, but it is fiddly putting all the panels together. Once done, the model is quite magnifique. And got me started on 3D puzzles. Hasbro/Wrebbit should give everyone 1 free 3D puzzle, then everyone would get hooked on it.  None of the 3D puzzles can stand a lot of handling, however this Eiffel Tower actually survived a show and tell. Sadly it now rests in 3 pieces and I'm too lazy to put it back together again. Highly recommended 
BOUGHT THIS IN CLEARANCE AT TOYS R US, IT SOUNDS LIKE JUNK AND POORLY MADE. I PLAN TO RETURN THE 2 BOUGHT FOR MY TWINS. I WAS FORCED TO PUT ONE STAR BUT WOULD HAVE ALSO LEFT ZERO IF I COULD. SPEND A LITTLE MORE, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. THIS WOULD BE BEST LEFT AT THE CURB, THAN TAKING UP ROOM IN MY GIRLS BEDROOMS....SAD, SAD, SAD... I HATE RETRUNING THINGS, IT IS A WASTE OF MY TIME 
I popped in the batteries and was unable to get any sound whatsoever.  I even put in a different set up batteries; still, no dice.  This is the worst excuse for a keyboard ever.  I am sorry that I will be pitching this in the trash and it will take up space in a landfill.  After the reading the other reviews, perhaps I am fortunate that this clunker never even made a sound.  I gather that I'm not missing much.  
I bought this for my son's birthday last night since he is interested in music.  As I was wrapping it, I noticed half of the keys were stuck in the up position.  I took it out and managed to bang the keys back into place, wondering how many times I was going to have to do this.  I decided to test it once I fixed it because the toy just looked horribly cheap with very thin plastic keys (you can even see through them).  The dollar store has better toys than this.  The sound is horrible and uncontrollable.  The controls are worthless.  I'm returning it today, and good riddance 
Purchased this for a 3 1/2 year old boy.  Was hesitant about buying any large, plastic truck, but we did not see any alternatives at the time we purchased this.  We should have stuck with our instinct.  When it arrived, we were immediately struck by the fact that the plastic seemed flimsy, and that many small plastic pieces that are attached to the grader appeared and felt so cheap and flimsy that we doubted they would survive 5 minutes of play, in our humble opinion.  We were not going to wait to find out, and we decided to send this back.  You can get a STEEL Tonka 18" grader off of ebay for less than what Amazon is asking for this plastic thing.  That's exactly what we did.  Good luck 
This playhut was very frustrating for our children. My children enjoyed it when it was left in the slumber position. Our trouble began when we turned it into a tent. The sleeping bag is one side of the tent. It's heavy so it sags leaving little room for children to play. After about ten minutes, the playhut was turned over and on the ground. We returned it.. 
This toy is not what I had expected. It isn't very durable at all and it's HARD to put together! I don't highly recommend it 
I bought this toy for my three-yr-old. She was excited, but then one of the dolls fell apart, its pelvis broke and the legs fell out. Super glue might fix it, but I'm not sure.  I'd recommend it for an older child who wouldn't play with it so roughly. But for the price, I wanted it to last more than three days 
My daughter is almost 6 and we got her this for Christmas.  The commercials made it look really cool and easy for kids, no more scissors!  Well we opened it today and it's too hard for her to hold the button down for any amount of time and to move it around slowly enough to actually cut anything.  I'm having to do it all for her and my hand gets tired too!  They should have made it that the "pen" cuts when just being pushed on the paper or something.  I have a 9 year old also that was trying to use it and it wasn't all that easy for him either.  Seems more like something teens or adults that scrapbook would use 
I've owned this toy for a few weeks and have given up on it.  At first this toy was a little fun and I was optimistic about getting it to handle correctly.  I'd adjust the top screw to trim it from spinning clockwise or counter clockwise and everything.  This gets old after doing it every time after a charge. Next, using the forward and backward control doesn't work that well. Also, it will drop out of the sky or do something weird every now and then.  All in all I wouldn't buy it again, especially at the higher price it is currently going for.  Try the smaller havoc, it seems to handle a little better (Youtube has a few movies of it flying).  [...] 
I got this toy for my one of my triplet sons for his 5th birthday, and I am appalled that I paid $50 for such a poorly made product.  They say it "transforms" into the batmobile - that is a joke!  You have to take most of it apart to get it to fold back up, so why bother with that "feature" in the first place?  The whole thing is made terribly.  It barely stands upright, and the little plastic chains that suspend the one set of platforms keep coming off the little plastic hooks.  None of my boys play with it, and now I am stuck with it because I don't have the box anymore to return it.  Bottom line:  this was a complete waste of money 
I have to agree with everyone before me.  Flimsy, hard to put together, doesn't stay together, impossible to close.  My four old, who is obsessed with batman, lost interest after 5 minutes and I really can't blame him.  Spend your $50 on something else!!! Not a good purchase!!!!! 
I purchased this toy for our friends son and I cannot tell you the disappointed look on his face when we all realized what a piece of trash this toy is!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY IT!!!   We are returning it ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's cheap, it's not sturdy and it does NOT close back up again! 4 adults couldn't get it back together!  Never mind a kid! It is a total ripoff...This is the first time I have ever written a review on a toy, thats how horrible it is 
     This pack is really Bad! I LOVE attacktix, but this pack is terible! The only good figues are Luke Skywalker, and Megatron. Darth Vader's arm broke, Super Optimus Prime's blast shoots before you press the button, and the battle masters are Pathetic. The Battle Master's point value is 70 each, but they are very easy to kill, and their blasts are very bad.     Do yourself a faver, skip this and buy the Star Wars attacktix series 4 starter set 
this thing only lasted 3 days!i mean really.i charged it up and it worked fine.but it only lasted about 5 minutes then i had to charge it again.when i looked under it i noticed that stiafom was breaking off!on the 3rd day i charged it up and it never worked again!!!!!!so i went back to toysrus and renturnd the piece of crud.do never buy this toy!!!!!!! 
My 7 year old son got it for Christmas. He was really excited. It is definitely a neat toy. The whole family was into it. However, it only lasted one day. It would no longer charge and I am just going to take it back because I am in no position waste $20.00 just for one day 
What a disappointment! The music quality is very poor--most of the "intruments" sound just like every other cheap kids electronic toy.  The piano is probably the worst; the animal voices all sound the same. I thought I'd get better quality at the price, plus, the left speaker doesn't work.  My kids had a toy casio keyboard that cost $12.00 and was the size of an egg-carton, and its sound was vastly superior. I will likely have to go through the hassle of returning this. 
This bowl is extremely cute but it does not suction to the high chair.  I can get it to suction to the counter and my glass table but not on my baby's highchair, so it really doesn't serve the purpose it is suppose to 
Concept was good, but fails because its not constructed well.  After 2 months the toy's electronics went out 
I got this to for my daughter for her birthday. I opened it and put the bubble solution and batteries into it and it worked fine. Later that night the bubble blower wasn't blowing anymore. So the next morning I changed out the batteries and still it wasn't working. I returned it the next day. It was really cute and I wanted it to work but it just wouldn't start and it also kept leaking. Every where I put it the sticky soap mess was there after I picked it up. THIS WAS NOT A GOOD TOY 
Put simply, this toy doesn't work. Or I should say perhaps it would work with really good bubble solution but it does not work with the bubble solution that comes with it. It sort of sputtered some bubble solution out the top but we never got even one full bubble much less the stream of bubbles we were hoping for. Luckily my little son never saw the toy and therefore didn't mind when we took it back 
I got this as a gift for my 18 month old son. It only produces one lousy bubble with each pull of the handle, very sad. My son got very frustrated and so did I. I would not recommend this product. 
I just bought this game and tried for 3 hours to make it work on 3 different t.v. sets - NO LUCK.  I can't even give it 1 star because I don't know how fun it is (or might be).  I tried every "input" available on every t.v., I tried changing the batteries, I tried hooking it directly to the t.v. as well as thru the VCR and DVD player - nothing worked.  I guess I know why it only cost $5.99. 
I purchased this car for my 2 year old son for Christmas.  Shame on me for not taking it out of the box and testing it out prior to Christmas morning.  The car lights up and makes sounds (very annoying) but didn't move an inch.  I replaced all batteries - still no movement.  The manufacturer was of no help.  Thank god someone else also got him the Chicco remote control car - because it works!  Steer clear of this stinker 
We received this as a gift and didn't like it at all.  My two year old used it for about a day. But it doesn't go very far with the remote (you can't just have it move across the floor) and it's VERY noisy! If it is walked away from you can hear it in the other room still making an annoying noise. I'd go with something else if you're looking for a first remote control ca 
I consider myself to be a fairly intelligent individual, and growing up in a family where a Saturday was spent working on the classic car in the garage, or watching football on Sunday, as a female, I know a lot of male stuff.  Even I couldn't answer hardly ANY of the "male" questions, since in this game, men answer questions about womanly stuff, and women answer questions about manly stuff.  We have played it twice now, and even though the men's team has always had 1 male more in touch with his female side than most, the women have always gotten our butts kicked.  It is so one sided it's not even funny.  Even the men were saying, it's not even fun since the game lasts basically 10 minutes.  One of the men said he even had to think twice about some of the "male" questions.  If I were anyone looking to get a good party game, I certainly wouldn't put my money out to get this again. 
Don't buy this unless you plan on attaching the remote to your forehead with duct-tape; if you lose the remote you cannot operate the moon. The moon also has an automatic time that it comes on; it's supposed to be when it gets dark, but it comes on way too early to be any good, because nobody is in their room that early, and it only stays on for 30 minutes. When it comes on by itself, (because its too early) you can barely notice it is on. 
My brother, the uncle of my two sons, purchased this item for Christams.  In the excitement of testing this item out they realized the battery backing was not able to be opened.  The screw casing was stripped!  No big deal, I thought, I would just call the company.  They are not willing to replace the prodect unless I pay for shipping.  They recomeded that I take it to a local store to replace knowing that it was purchased over 1000 miles away and not at a chain store!  Passing the buck.  I then asked to speak to a super visor and she repeated the same mantra, "sorry company policey."  I never go to the lengths that I am now, but I am tired of companies not performing the basic duties of customer satisfaction.  They want me to go to the post office and mail it to them at which time they will determine whose fault it is and then mail me a new one.  When I asked if there was any way around said policy the manager told me I could write a letter.  So here it is 
Gave this heli to my 30 year old son on his birthday. It was supposed to be easy to fly. It rolled over and crashed inches off the ground on its maiden flight, spewing propeller parts everywhere. With all retailers out of replacement parts it may never fly. If you buy this heli, don't buy it through the mail or online but from a local dealer with parts and expertise to help you get it back together 
The tail rotor fell off right out of the box on the first throttle up. The landing gear fall off if you do not glue them yourself. Not only is it poorly made for the money but it is an extreemly touchy machine. Main rotor to tail mixing have to be perfect. Final thought.... After several hours of hard work adjusting the tail to main rotor mix I managed to get it to stay in the air for a few seconds.   If you want an R/C helicopter try the Japanese made Hirobo XRB SR. 
Even though I purchased this watch for my grandson for Christmas from another store, it was not worth the money. It does nothing and my grandson abandoned it soon after opening it.  I picked up few pieces from under the sofa last night.   I did see on one toy store's website that there is a deluxe model that is probably better. I wish I had known that before I spend $10 on this piece of junk. 
Actually, we love the game very much but are very disappointed with Pressman Toys.  Here's the scoop:  our game came with only 20 pegs of each color -- the box clearly shows at least 40 of each color.  We've called the company 1800 800-0298 x 186 several times but they refuse to send us additional pegs.  Just bad business practice in my opinion.  As the saying goes, when you love something you tell a few people, when you're not happy you tell everyone.  I'll be sure to check that I'm not buying items from Pressman Toys next time.  So instead of returning the game and paying for shipping we'll just have to win in fewer steps.  SIGH! 
This was a gift for my 2 year old last christmas.  The screws they provide to put the wheels on are no good. As soon as your child starts "walk" his new dog, the wheels completely unscrew, which can be a terrible choking hazzard.  We have tried everything to keep them on.  Plus the leash tore off from around poor spot's neck, and no type of glue seems to keep it on. I'm afraid this cute little toy is going into the trash. It was good idea and a cute toy, but not worth the money. You're better off buying a plastic, already put together one. 
After returning three defective Tonka Hands On Power Shovels, (aka crane,) we decided to try a different piece of machinery and brought home the dump truck.  So far the dump truck is doing fine.  It is not as exciting as the crane or digger, but it does work and seems to be holding up.  My son loves to turn it on &amp; have it &quot;follow&quot; him around the room.  However the motor strains, and the truck moves very slowly, so I'm concerned that the load is too much for the motor.  He likes the loading action of the front end shovel into the dump bed, and the dumping bed.  He was disappointed that it doesn't steer like the crane did, but only goes either forward or reverse.  But a working toy is better than an non-working toy, and I'm hopeful this one will be a keeper 
For the most part this is a good toy.  It was actually one of the easier items I took out of a box this week :)  My daughter (4) loves it and as long as you can tolerate the "Mommy/Daddy the wing fell off can you put it back on?" every 5-10 minutes then it really is good.  I guess if your child is old enough and has the dexterity to put the wings back on by herself this toy would be GREAT 
Very fun I love it is like a dream in a book the wings do fall of but not often. what I say is YES get it 
I bought this toy for my 4 year old grandaugher.  Since Barbie rides this horse of course a little girl will want her doll to ride the horse.  The wings fall off.  We must put the wings back on at least a dozen time a day 
I purchased this item for my son's birthday.  Not well built as it needed lots of tape to keep it together and readjustments after each attempt to fly it.  Also appears to need the wind just right and thrown a certain way in order for it to fly.  After a couple of  days we were able to accomplish only one 2 min. successful flight.    On the second day, after 15 mins of recharging the battery, the battery case and wires melted.  Have contacted company for a refund. 
I think this doll is incredibly fun and beautiful, but somehow the tail broke off the very first day my 4 year old daughter played with it.  She loves it anyway, she insists.  She just screamed with pleasure after seeing the hair turn purple and the tattoos appear after about 3 minutes in the freezer.  I don't know how it got broken, or how rough my daughter might have been, but it seems strange that it would break so quickly.  Disappointing 
i can't wait until i get the movie barbie fairytopia mermaida when it comes out its going to be a great movie for kids and even for the whole family i don't know if i will get the dolls i think the movie will be funer to watch than just play with the doll 
Besides being unstable, this truck is extremely frustrating!  My son is constantly trying to put items in the truck that are too big, and then if he does manage to get a "load" in, he can't get it back out again!!  He has cried in frustration and thrown the toy across the room.  I will be buying him a Fisher Price one for his birthday that actually dumps 
My son LOVES cars and trucks so this looked like it would be a big hit, but like the other reviewers, we have had to put this toy away because of all the injuries.  He used the handle to push it, but the toy is unbalanced, so any pressure on the back causes it to flip up and hit him in the face.  He's had several big bruises and one cut lip.  Since posting this, I've spoken to a rep for Little Tykes. She said they would look into this toy a bit more and sent a replacement toy for my son to play with until he is able (if ever) to use the dump truck again. If you've had a problem with this truck, please call them so that they can get it on record 
we got this for our son for Easter, and he was playing with donnie the dumptruck, and the handle part was opened, so it was the flat blue portion of the truck, well he some how slipped, and ended up cutting his forehead b/c the blue portion does have somewhat of a sharp part. Luckily enough it wasn't where he needed stitches, but still...so I called Little Tikes, and they said they wanted me to mail it back and they let me choose another toy-so there Customer Service at Little Tikes is Definitly a +! Just watch out because I think the ages on this toy should be a little older. Semper F 
I think this product needs a LOT of hands-on supervision.  My son slipped off and knocked the wind out himself TWICE on the 2nd day of trying this.  After a couple of weeks, he finally regained his confidence to try it when a friend was over -- and his 6 y.o. friend slipped and knocked the wind out of herself (almost had to call the paramedics).  Knowing what I know now... I would NOT buy this product for kids under 8 (follow the age recommendations!!!!!).  I would like to take a pair of wire cutters and cut it down....  
I was excited about this pool because it seemed really easy to store when not in use. However, the new type of valve does not hold in the air. It says to push it all the way in but the valve on the one I bought would not stay in and when I tried to close the valve the presure from the air inside pushed open the valve and it deflated. It would have been perfect had the valve worked properly. 
We loved this pool for three weeks, which is as long as we had it.  This morning, I went out to remove a small amount of rain water from the cover to find that the cover with roughly 1/4" of rain had collapsed the top tier and that we had grass growing up through the bottom of the pool, through plastic.  I could see both happening had the pool sat in one place for a long period of time but this was after less than 24 hours.  A total waste of money 
This is a great idea for a great marketing group . . . little kids who want to listen to music "just like the big kids." The FP3 has a few issues of it own, but the speakers were disappointing. The sound quality is not good. Even with the volume turned up it is difficult to hear. Another huge down fall is that a power cord is not available . . . so you can end up going through batteries pretty fast. To top it all off, my son has difficulty getting the FP3 correctly mounted into the speaker unit on his own. Overall we were very disappointed with this accessory 
Far to difficult to pop, product didn't match picture.  But the company was very friendly and co-operative in the return process.  Would do business with this company again, but would buy one item as a test before buying in bulk.  Or I would just call the company 
It looks fun in the picture, but there is a major design flaw with this toy - the wheels stick out so far that when the rider tries to go they end up slamming their ankle into the tire.  Within 2 minutes of using this toy my son ripped open his ankle.  This toy should be recalled.  Do not buy it. I would send mine back, but we had already thrown out the packaging 
I bought this for my daughters 6th birthday. The lips on the doll didn't work and there really isn't much to do with it. She was bored almost immediately. I was hoping for much more out of this toy. In my opinion you shouldn't waste your money 
The retro-slinky dog, however cute, just doesn't work.  We have tried it on the hardwood floor, the carpet, the title.  We have tried tying a string arounds it's neck, adding a string to it's short stubby string, using the short stubby string to pull it but nothing works.  Our kids 2 & 6 just drag it around laying on it's side--it's just not fun--the head is too heavy and it doesn't move well at all.  I would not buy it.  the Fisher Price doggy we got is very cute and it stays upright, it walks with you and the pull-string is a good length--plus it's cute too!! 
This game is ok, entertains my children for a little while.  I thought everything was ok, but then, after only a couple of months, the cartridges started to malfunction!  We have two leap pads and some games work in one, but not the other (and visa versa!)  For the price, I don't want the toy to not work 1/2 the time after only a few uses.  The books seem to hold up pretty good, but the cartridges don't.  And, at a price of around $12 each, I was very dissapointed.  If the cartridges worked all the time, I would probably give this toy 4 stars, as it is fun (when it works) and portable.  One last comment for improvement, would be to have the volume be on the outside, not in the book, as the regular volume is a bit too loud and I have to ask my little one to turn it down each time she switches books/cartridges 
If I would have been able to try this out before buying it I would have never bought it. The surface is way to hard for a baby to be laying on it. The it is not too sensitive to movement so when baby kicks or moves it doesnt always turn itself on. I would have much rather bought a playmat instead. 
My daughter got this came for Christmas and it is still fun to play, but the new graphics are very confusing and hard to follow.  They want a little overboard in their updating of this one.  New colors would have been fine, but all the curves, zig-zags, etc, make this version a poor substitute for the older versions.  I'm going to ebay! 
You can get the old vintage aggravation games on Ebay for 10 or less and theres also some hand-made wooden boards as well. These new versions dont hold a candle to the old ones, Just as old tvs seem better than some of the new ones 
Hard to follow instructions, I ended up throwing it in a drawer after trying to get the hang of it after 5 minutes. If you want to buy one, I will GIVE you mine :)TOTAL waste of money. 
The toy is a good idea, but it needs to be more user friendly, instructions are hard to follow, even for adults,maybe not quite so much activities at one time, could simplify some for younger players 
This school bus was smaller than I expected, about 4 inches long. I bought it for my 3 year old son who loves school buses. He broke it in the first 5 minutes of opening the package. It's a pull-back and go car. And he pulled it back too far on the first try and it snapped the wheels. They were wobbly from then on. This toy is not for kids and it's not really for playing with from what I can tell. Very dissappointed 
Bought this and several other Minimates for by son's birthday.  As we are huge Lego fans, I thought this would be a great compliment.  The "lego-like" bricks are ill fitted, either constantly coming undone or never being able to fit together at all.  This caused great frustration and unhappiness.  We finally had to hide the entire lot from my son too keep him from breaking down everytime he or another family member tried to put the Batcave or any of the vehicles together.  Do not buy.  I would like a full refund and an apology from Amazon for carrying such an afwul quaility toy, and from the creator of the Minimates. Ugh 
3 Stars overall ONLY b/c we LOVE c3! Read on... The batcave C3 set has some rather intense structural integrity problems that cause it to be next to impossible to put together without a supplemental "fix-it" set that was distributed by the mfg. after many SEASONED ADULTS protested their frustrations with its construction. Since the company has now withdrawn all c3 items from its website, it is not known whether the "fix-it" package is still available (it included thicker, stronger support pieces for the first floor, and additional pieces for a stairway support column). Without these, the set tends to implode well before you ever get the 2nd level completed, let alone the 3rd! After all the problems started surfacing, the company also increased the "recommended age range" to 7+ from the previous 4+. If you purchase a box that states 7+ as the age range, it SHOULD include the "fix" parts (no guarantee, we're only assuming), but even with the "fix" pieces, it is still a major headache to put together, and your true calling is an architect if you manage to get it safely together on the first try. It takes most adults several tries over several days (due to frustration stress level) to get this piece fully assembled. There is a step-by-step construction guide showing the problems (with "crash" pictures) in set construction, Amazon rules say I can't post the link here, but it shouldn't be too hard to find if you enter c3 batcave in a search engine, the full write-up is in a c3 forum. I know many people may still purchase--it is after all, Batman, but I would at least try to see if you can acquire the replacement parts before ordering, as you will have much greater chance for success. OR wait until you get the package, if it says 7+ on the box, you just may be in luck. In the alternative, maybe you could use super-glue to the existing inadequate structural supports? OR, raid your kid's Lego stash and use thicker, more stable blocks than the ones supplied with this set 
This toy is great fun but it isn't very durable. Ours broke after about an hour. There was a loud pop and then it stopped erupting. I guess the plastic bladder must have given out. The kids were terribly disappointed 
After waiting 3-4 weeks, it finally arrived! To my grandchildrens dismay. It did not perform as advertised. There wasn't any volcano erupting, all it did was sprinkle a small amount from the side. Yes we did have good water pressure, and it was put together correctly! I just want my money and shipping charges back! Thank you for your expediency on this return 
Despite reading bad reviews, I took a chance and purchased this item.  I got the first one, hooked it up and it quit working within two hours.  Ordered a second, it quits working within the hour.  I should have known better as others have posted the same experience.  Great concept, maybe they will get the actual product correct in the next year.  Please don't waste your time on this one now.... 
I bought this doll for my daughter for christmas and she was so excited, however in the last three days I have found that this doll was not worth the price.  The paint on the lips has already worn off, the eye lashes are falling out and it is difficult to keep the face clean, no matter how many times a day we wash it.  It has also stopped drinking when the bottle is placed into it's mouth.  I know of several other girls that are friends of my daughter who are having the same diffculties as we are.  If my daughter didn't love this doll some much I would return it for something worth it.  I guess if you are just intrested in making your child happy this is a good product however for the money I would suggest something else. 
If it were up to my children, they would rate this stuff 5+ stars.  They love it and they are totally entertained with it.  It is one of the only times they play quietly without fighting.  Mom, on the other hand, hates it and you know it is bad when a toy gives mom some free time of peace and quiet and she wants no part of it!!!  This stuff sticks to everything and anything-including your children.  You can't believe the mess it makes.  Imagine billions of tiny little balls stuck to everything in your house.  I confine it to their playroom, but it follows them everywhere they go.  You will find it all over your house and in everything-you can't escape it.  As for the product itself, it definitely doesn't dry out, but it also doesn't hold together as well as described making it quite difficult to make the objects it claims you can make on the package.  Once you put colors together it is impossible to separate them out as they are tiny millimeter balls.  Playdooh may dry out if left out, but it doesn't make anywhere near the mess this stuff does and it also molds much better than playfoam!  My advice is to stick with your playdooh 
My 21 month old toddler loved the star crayon, and so did I initially.  However, during its first use the red crayon fell out of the plastic holder.  The problem is the shape of the crayon is like a round piece of candy.  My son picked it up and was about to put it in his mouth when I saw what had happened.  Personally, I would not use the product given the choking hazard that it presented.  Otherwise, I would use it with care and watch your child carefully as they play with the product. 
The Webkinz Yorkie Puppy I received is total different from what shown on the picture. Evne though it is still a dog it is not the one displaied on the picture which my kid really like. it is a total waste 
When this toy is turned on it seriously sounds like an air-raid siren is going off.  I can't use my usual trick of putting tape over the speaker because you need to be able to hear the instructions to play the games.  Also, the counting/shape game is confusing.  There is a row of shapes with numbers on them, and the game asks the child to, for example, find 3 rectangles.  It's trying to get the child to press the rectangle shape three times, but the rectangle shape is marked with the number 8.  There's a circle marked with the number 3.  The only reason I'm not giving this one star is because my son enjoys playing the "repeat the tone" and "count the villians" games.  I'm not sure how much longer the adults in the house can handle the siren noise, though, I may try to hide this and get him a leapfrog toy instead 
This is a preety good game but after a while, it is very boring. i enjoyed it for about 2 months but now i am not intrested in it 
Perhaps a age group should be posted as with most toy sellers.  I bought it for my 4 year old nephew and it's worthless to anyone other than I guess stores who like to stick star war stickers on the retail counters.  It is deceiving and the retailer is arrogant and would not even consider a return since it was opened to see what it was.  Avoid this retailer and it's products 
This was a total change from the boardgame. It is a lot of fun, however I have changed the winning amount, otherwise someone can win the whole game with just one hand 
I am disappointed because this is a really flimsy toy. The launch button doesn't push most of the time (so Superman doesn't launch) and the foam Superman tears easily. 
Pro: easy to visualize the numbers on the screen. Cons:The biggest negaTIVE draw back is that the keys are not very sensitive. You have to push very hard and often multiple times to get a response. This is very frustrating- the help keys does not help at all. Do not buy it ,IT IS A WASTING MONEY 
My 3 year old daughter and I have no problem making good size bubbles with this wand.  The design is nice, it snap back easily for storage and the color is nice.  However, after using it twice, the plastic hoop at the snapping piece and the stick is twisted.  This makes the hoop to be wailing back and forth even though it was snap in place.  It makes the wand impossible to make bubble by waving.  My daughter was frustrated.  I eventually went with some cheap plactic wands that do not have the fancy mechanism and they are extremely durable with many abusive use from a little child.  I don't recommend this wand 
The dress featured on this particular set shows a girl in a FLOWING blue and pink gown... you get the blue and pink gown, but it's not what's pictured on the box.  It sort of looks like it, but it is a flimsier, straight version of the one pictured.  Also, my daughter just turned 4.  She's on the petite side, and is around 32 lbs.  This dress JUST fits her.  Hope this info helps 
The canopy bar broke only two days after Christmas. Now I have a sharp end on the bed frame.  Not good for little fingers.  For the price, I thought it would have been a lot more sturdy 
Bought this product for my two sons ages 4 and 6.  Within the first week one of the sticks was broken.  Called the company and they sent out another one, but before it could arrive the other stick broke.  They aren't made strong enough to use.  They plastic simply cracks and totally falls apart.  We ended up throwing it out 
This is a very cheaply made product that does not stand up to any child play.  My sons got this recently and within 24 hours one of the sticks had broken.  The company was nice enough to send a new one out but now (only a few weeks later) the plastic on the goal is shattered.  The goal also does not stay together very well and comes apart with each goal scored.  Overall, I would highly discourage you from wasting quite a bit of money for plastic that will not hold up to child play!! 
I bought this carry case for my son's L-Max.  It works well for carrying the unit and all the games he has for it.  I wouldn't advise dropping it on a hard surface of any sort.  It is not nearly padded enough to be carrying a hand held gaming unit of any sort.  My son likes to take his L-Max to school with him for mornings before school begins.  I place it in the carrying case and then place the carrying case inside of his backpack to give it some extra cushioning.  If I had known how little padding there was in this particular carrying case I probably wouldn't have bought it.  There is a carrying case out for the Nintendo Wii that is similar in style but much more padded.  I almost purchased it but then thought that I should get something designed for the Leapster L-Max.  If I had it to do over I would have purchased the case for the Wii.  It might have been a little big but the extra padding would have made up for it.  Overall, it is not a bad purchase but for the money you should get something a little more protective.  After all, the Leapster starts at $69.99 and the price goes up accordingly for the L-Max 
I bought this table set for my son because it was inexpensive and I did not want to spend a lot of money for something that was sure to get paint and glue all over it.  From day one it was a big dissapointment. The chairs are very easily tipped over, he can not even sit on the chair if I am not holding it or the chair would fall over.  The tabe is not made well as it is easy for things to slide off the surface.  It seems to be slightly raised in the middle.  I am now online shopping for a new one.  So instead of paying 100 dollars the first time around, I am now spending the 30 dollars already spend and an additional 100 for the new tabl 
Out of the box we noticed the table top was warped. When you push on one side of it the other pops up.  Definately not suitable for crafts or play.  Returned it that night 
It can be almost impossible to turn at times.  Instead of moving one to the right, you have to go three to the left, or fiddle with it so it lines up properly.  You can still solve the cube but it gets annoying when it doesn't move the way you want it to.  I was hoping it'd be better cause it's really cool that it fits in your pocket.  It's just too hard to turn.  I ended up breaking the thing trying to get it to turn one way.  And I cant put it back together cause one of the pieces is missing.  I really like this product (I'm buying another one), I just wish it wasn't so stiff.  Maybe they made it stiff so it wouldn't turn in your pocket but if you know how to do it, you can finish a rubik's cube in 5 minutes, max, so I don't see the need to prevent it from turning.  Apparently they thought people would solve like half of it and finish it latter 
This is the 3rd and by far the most disappointing of all.  The sound doesn't work. Yes, I put the batteries in correctly and yes I turned it on. The van/car kept getting stuck.  My son was very disappointed and can only play pretend with it. I didn't pay all that money for an interactive toy and it doesn't work. Very disappointed in all these sets and will not buy another 
Ancient Sanctuary throws lots of unique cards at us.  First, Fairy decks start to rise from the junk pile in the corner of your room.  Zombies finally have an 1800 attacker.  Machines have a mean burn monster.  The rares are something else.  Soul Resurrection is a Call of the Haunted except the monster goes into defence mode.  And it's only a rare! There is also Blowback Dragon, who like his brother, Barrel Dragon, has the same effect.  Instead of destroying monsters only, Blowback destroys ANY card on the field.  Zaborg the Thunder Monarch is also a plus to this set, destroying any monster on the field when summoned.  I got this 5 set and got Gear Golem, the Moving Fortress, Enemy Controller, Draining Shield, Zaborg the Thunder Monarch and Avatar of the Pot.  In other words, buy it.  This is worth the money 
I was disappointed with the quality of this item.  Little tike is a name I have learned to trust and this was a bummer.  The front broke because of it's poor design and flimsy plastic parts. So now it is just a broken dump truck. Also you have to push the button for the sounds to work. It is not motion sensitive. 
 I picked this up on clearance, but I still think I spent too much.  The older versions were made of much sturdier material; the cards the questions are printed on are very flimsy compared to the original game.  The questions are okay, but many are very obscure.  Trivial Pursuit is a great game and it's one of my favorites, but this version is a dud.  Save your money if you have the older version; it's still a lot more fun to play 
The stars may be really nice, but the package I received looked already open. The 3 sheets with stickers appeared as if someone soaked them in water and the package was missing the putty to stick up the bigger plastic stars. 
This item came in the mail and my 4 year old son and I were very excited.  I guess we should have read the description more carefully because I wasn't expecting so many tiny little pieces.  We used ticky tack and began the tedious process of sticking the different sized stars and such all over his room.  We waited that night to see the glowing celestial extravaganza.  We kept the light on for some time to 'charge' the glow in the dark element then turned off the light.  What we found was nothing close to amazing.  The glow was fairly dim and only lasted for a very short period of time.  We even turned a blacklight on them and all that did was make them glow a little brighter but, again, the glow only lasted about 10 -15 minutes.  I ended up going back online and buying glow in the dark paint and a star shaped sponge.  We dabbed stars all over his ceiling.  These glowing stars last most of the night and our friends and family think his room is really cool 
This was given to my 2 year old as a present.  It is really cute and he loved it but it is constantly falling apart.  The roof and doors keep coming off every time it is played with.  The concept is good, all the animals and farmer are built very well, but it's frustrating to me and my son that it won't stay together. 
Our son received this toy for his first birthday.  It has a lot of good features--teaches colors, numbers, farm animals and their sounds, several songs.  But the music is AWFUL--the singer is off-key on every single song (either that, or they did a bad job of matching up the music to his voice).  As someone who appreciates music, I cannot tolerate listening to this, especially since there are far better toys out there.  Since our son already has 2 LeapFrog toys which teach the same concepts as this toy (the Learning Table, which has much better quality music, and the Fridge Farm), we will be exchanging the Vtech Discovery Nursery Farm for a different toy 
The beads and charms are nice enough, but for the price you get very little with this kit -- only about 50 tiny glass beads and 50 spacers, plus the charms. There's nothing here special enough to justify spending the money -- there are plenty of nicer jewelry kits out there that are more generous with the supplies 
It's a very cute lamp, but it's VERY NOISY!  I had read the reviews and other people had said it's noisy but I didn't think it would sound like something ready for liftoff!! 
As you can see by other posts - we were all duped by a misleading advertisement.  It still shows "realistic tail movement" in the listing.  HELLO!!!  WHAT TAIL?!?!?!?!?  They have since changed the picture to the doll we all received.  The original picture showed the swimming one (tail attached).  My daughter was absolutely heartbroken when she opened this and realized this doll has no tail, nor does she swim.  I fully expect to be allowed to return this thing (opened) at no cost to myself. 
I only ordered this because my child was begging for the swimming mermaid. I compared Amazon's listing with the manufacture listing and ordered. We did not get what we ordered... we got a barbie dressed in a mermaid costume, NOT the swimming one! This was from Santa and, I'm sorry, but seeing that type of disappointment in a six year old's eyes just breaks your heart. Of course, it was after the packaging was torn apart to get her out and into eager hands. For the first time in my years of shopping, I feel robbed 
I did not purchase this doll from amazon, though my daughter received it as a gift--the REAL swimming mermaid.  DO NOT BUY THIS DOLL!!!  She took a bath last night with it and it did not swim!  It did not even move a bit--except for sinking to the bottom of the tub.  My daughter was ultimately disappointed and now we are going to try to take it back and get the Disney Swimming mermaid doll.  BUYER BEWARE--THIS DOLL IS NOT WHAT YOU THINK 
I ordered this doll for my 3 year old grandaughter who wanted nothing else for Christmas and even though the stores were sold out, she was sure that Santa could get it for her. When my daughter called to make SURE that I had it actually in hand - I said SURE - I ordered it from Amazon!  After all, the description said that was the SWIMMING Mermaid...that it would swim as soon as you put it in the water.  IT IS NOT!!!!  Like the other lady said - it is Just another Barbie doll in a green dress.  Now I will have to pay a premium to get it from Ebay (where I could have gotten it for less a week ago) and also have to pay express shipping and hope it gets here before Christmas. I will have pay 6 times what I paid for this deception and hope that Santa can get it here in time so that my grandaughter is not disappointed.  Beware of this seller!  I see that he has now removed the word swimming from the description.  Believe me - it was there before 
I ordered the doll because it said it will swim when put in water.  When I recieved the doll it was just a barbie.  It is not the swimming mermaid. 
I had water rockets like this when I was a kid in the early 1970s.  The rockets were no different from the ones that come in this package.  They shoot high and straight and are loads of fun.  My only gripe is with the pump.  When I was a kid, the pump was heavy plastic and metal.  The pump on these new rockets is cheap plastic.  The knob on the end broke off the first or second day.  My son and I are still able to shoot the rockets, but we have to carefully stick the knob back on each time we want to pump up a rocket.  
This was big on my 8 year-old son's Christmas list, mainly because of the Ben 10 game. He even wanted it more than any other game system. Although I wasn't about to pay full price for it, we got it at about 60% off for the main console. So we got it, paid for an extra controller, the Ben 10 Game CD, and a couple of Ben 10 Booster Packs.  The unwrapping was a hit, and the excitement of the first play-through went over great with my son. But I noticed right away that it was not going to last. The game itself contains graphics from about 10 years ago. The game play is difficult, and both my son and I would find it easy to die, thus restarting the game for both of us. You can only play with the characters that happens to have come in your game or booster packs, and that's not many. (Want more? Fork out more $$$ for more booster packs.) And finally, it takes so long to load from the CD (and it has to load EVERY level) that it must be a 1x drive. Seriously slow.  Although my son still loves the IDEA of it and has not admitted he's disappointed, he does comment on how slow it is, and how he wishes he had other kids to trade the cards with so he could get more. Apparently we were the only suckers to buy it around here. It hasn't been played but maybe 4 times in the one month since Christmas.  If you notice it to be on a HUGE discount, it may be worth it. But remember, you have to pay extra for more cards. Personally, I wish we'd bought a used GameCube with a few cartridges. That has way more staying power than the HyperScan will 
Its disgusting that any company would make this figure into a toy. Complete with knives? geez give the kid a manuel next time 
We've had the same set with Christmas colors for three years.  After the first year, the "whistle" unit (housed in the tender) no longer worked.  And about 10 minutes into running the second year, the engine stopped.  Found that the engine was wired so that the power wire was rubbing a drive wheel.  The engine is built with an underpowered motor, such that a fairly high power setting is required to get it moving and then it runs fast; there is only a tiny operating range before it will fly off on a curve.  The engine is very top heavy and the curves have a tight radius to them.  Finally, when taking the entire engine apart this year found the plastic gears flimsy, badly supported and worn even with recommended oiling.  I still have some of my fathers Lionel trains and these can still be counted on to run today; the new stuff being sold is meant to be in the trash quickly. 
CHRISTMAS DAY THE TRAIN TRANSFORMER DID NOT GIVE POWER TO THE TRAIN SET.  ALL CONNECTIONS WERE VERIFIED AS WAS THE INSTRUCTION BOOKLET TO VERIFY PROPER CONNECTIONS. IT STILL DID NOT WORK.  THE ONLINE MERCHANT GAVE ONY 14 DAYS FROM DATE IT WAS SHIPPED TO RETURN FOR DEFECT, AND LIONAL WAS CLOSED FOR THE HOLIDAY UNTIL DEC 28TH.  WHEN LIONEL WAS FINALLY REACHED, THE TECH DEPARTMENT ESPECIALLY MR DEDEPPO  WERE COMPLETELY UNWILLING TO LISTEN TO THE TRAIN PROBLEMS AND ACTED COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL YELLING AND SPEAKING IN A MOST AGITATED AMD UNHELPFUL MANOR.  ADDITIONAL PHONE CALLS WERE PLACED TO LIONEL AND NO PERSON WAS ABLE TO GIVE THE REQUIRED INFORMATION TO ENSURE THE PRODUCT WAS DEFECTIVE AND THEREFORE REFUNDABLE ACCORDING TO THE RETURN POLICY OF THE AMAZON.COM RETAILER. BUYER BEWARE THE GOOD NAME OF LIONEL SEEMS TO BE A MEMORY, IN THIS INSTANCE, THE CURRENT MANUFACTURER ALLOW THEIR EMPLOYESS TO HARRASS AND THREATEN CUSTOMERS WHO SPENT A LARGE AMOUNT OF MONEY ON THEIR PRODUCT WITHOUT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THEIR DEFECT. I WOULD ONLY BUY A LIONAL TRAIN THAT IS EITHER VINTAGE OR MADE BY LIONEL PRIOR TO THE CURRENT OWNERSHIP 
I bought these from a local dollar store. I thought, "Wow, all these for one dollar?" Big mistake. I LOVE painting and am good at it, but this set ruins every paper, canvas, painting at ALL. The Brush hairs fall out and get mixed with the paint. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT 
I just recently purchased the Red Variant of this figure and was excited and pleased to have both a nice looking action figure as well as the piece of Apocalypse.  But as I was setting him up, trying to move his leg it just snapped off at the hip joint. Hence the 2 star durability rating. I have never had this problem with the Legends line before, and was very disappointed, especially since it was the variant figure. Some superglue fixed the problem, but at the cost of some articulation. He is on my shelf now and looks great, but if you're giving the toy to younger children, be cautious. Like I said I have never had any problems like this with a Marvel Legends Figure before, so hopefully it was just a fluke. The figure is still well worth getting, and in fact I am going to pick up the Green version sometime in the near future 
While the kids love it, it's a headache for parents. It takes forever to inflate, even with an air compressor, thanks to many individual air chambers. As other reviewers noted, it's best not to leave it outside (the manufacturer recommends against it due to potential sun damage), but it's far too big to leave up inside the house. Not worth the time involved to set it up and take it down. I gave ours away 
our daughter has had this product for quite some time and sad to say she hasnt touched it much at all. this product does get alot of attention but it is more so with reassembly. it does not swing, it does not stay together. i am constantly putting the legs back on and setting it back up and placing it with my daughters lil corner of little mommy playthings. of all the items collected, this one seems to be the one with the most problems. we do have a variety of brands varying in price from cheaper to more expensive. this one is by far the worst product we have yet purchased for her collection. we have very few dolls that actually fit in the swing and the ones that do, are too small for it. it is also the smallest item my daughter has for her dolls that range in size. we will not purchase another of these as well as recommend others to not purchase one. if the price is too good to be true, then you will only get what you paid for 
This thing is a waste of time effort and money.  It falls apart the minute the child tries to swing the baby, not to mention it is too small for a two tear old to play with 
Dissapointed with this product! Our daughter can not even play with it without it falling apart! Small pieces that disconnect from swing not a good idea for childrens toys 
Swing comes out of base every time you try to put the baby doll in it and I bought the exact baby for it. The educational value of 3 stars is for me, you get what you pay for most of the time 
First, the Volvo wagon is supposed to be scaled for the Midge series of Barbie dolls, slightly smaller than regular Barbie. Another annoyance, it comes with a little pink roll-on suitcase full of microscopic Fisher-Price replica toys that have nothing to do with the Volvo.  I put all the tiny pieces together in the suitcase for my granddaughter and the suitcase wouldn't close. I looked on the box illustrations, and sure enough, they show a suitcase NOT CLOSED.  How could they design such a silly bunch of add-ons?  I just got rid of all that teeny-tiny stuff that doesn't relate to the inherent play value of the car.  Any kid would prefer to put her/his own stuff into a little suitcase than this mishmash of silly product promo from Fisher-Price.  Would have been nice to have a choice of colors, even approximately the REAL colors that the Volvo wagon comes in.  I just wanted my granddaughter to  be able to play-like with Grandma's white Volvo wagon.  How hard should that be?  Overall, I'm disappointed with this toy. For 28$, shipping included, I expected a better toy.  Not worth the money 
When I bought this toy, I thought it was SOOOO COOL. But it really doesn't do ANYTHING it's supposed to do! It just makes annoying crying and whining noises that DO NOT sound real. Even if I tickle its tummy it just whines and cries. DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT buy this toy!!!! 
The idea behind this toy is great & ours has lived up to its durability claim.  My husband did not complain about adding songs to it, so it could not have been too bad.  Batteries:  this eats through them like crazy - and we used Duracell.  Volume:  the idea of volume control is good, but the highest volume is way too low.  I can't even hear anything until I get it to the mid-setting.  My 5 yr old son takes his to wrestling matches to listen while he waits his turn, but the background noise of the gym drowns out the sound in his headphones.  We probably should not have bought this until next year, maybe Fisher Price will have improved it by then 
 First of all I think the concept is great however the safety bobber doesn't open and after about a dozen casts the reel fell apart. If you're looking for something that shoots, buy a rocket rocket not this rocket fishing rod and save some money. Shame on you Roland Martin for sponsoring such a piece of garbage. Don't expect to catch fish with this it is simply a novelty item 
My son was so excited for this toy.  It was all he asked for on his 8th birthday. We went out to the lake this week and then began our frustration.  First there is no way to launch this 30 feet unless the wind gusts and the moon and planets are alligned. Then the "safety" bobber is so safe it doesn't even open when it hits the water, but does cause such a large ripple in the lake that all fish are gone for hours. My son set it down after a hour of frustration and had me trek to the car to grab is old trusty fishing rod, that is not as colorful and plastic but does actually cast and catch fish. Don't get me wrong, I think the rod is a gret idea but the people who designed it did a very slipshoddy job, and I would warn anyone about spending money on it. 
Like many my age, I grew up with Legos.  My wife bought this kit for me for Christmas.  I was excited.  After a couple of days of work, my excitement had turned to frustration and finally to anger.  This kit is poorly designed, and the instructions are not well thought out.  First, the "Death Star" is built on a base that you construct of Legos.  This base is not very sturdy.  The instructions said to put a bunch of parts just on one side.  Left alone, the structure would tip over because of the imbalance.  Much of the structure had such flimsy connections that the slightest thing would break connections.  I don't mean the quality of the Legos; those things are impossible to break.  I mean the way in which various bars, hinges, etc were put together.  In the end my wife and I probably spent 40 hours building something that would not hold together. I love Legos but this kit gets nothing but ill will for me.  For lack of a better phrase, this kit sucks 
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS TOY, THE BATTERY IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR THIS TOY. LEARN FROM MY MISTAKE. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!! no where in the product discription does it tell you that the 9.6 volt battery is NOT INCLUDED, all it says, is that you will have to purchase a 9 volt battery for the remote. Don't look for the Tyco 9.6 volt battery in a store or on line, because it will be "out of stock". I have been trying to purchase one for  4 months 
Bad enough that the toy is a scam that requires extra  parts.  But the surprise here is the complicity of Amazon in this misleading packaging.  This is probably why the product is unavailable suddenly and the battery charger nowhere to be found.  They know they made a mistake. If only they  would contact us each now for a full refund.     I wish a rep from Amazon could have spent the holiday week with my family as we searched from store to store for that charger.  I wish he could have spent an afternoon of watching my child stare at the toy he waited for. ..his "big" gift 
Luckily I had one of the 9.6 volt batteries around and saved myself 20 dollars, after placing the battery in which is no easy task, he has to walk behind it to get it to go, the range is terrible, why is there no antenna on the vehicle also? Too bad I threw the box away Xmas morning, now I'm out 49.99. Live and lear 
My son received this car for Christmas and I was appalled. Amazon only says that it requires a 9 volt battery, which was no problem getting. But as for the 9 V Turbo battery and charger, good luck finding that. I bought it when it was on sale for $19.99 and the original price said it was $59.99, so I thought that I was getting a deal. HUGE MISTAKE! I didn't know that I would have to purchase an additional $20 battery. NO WONDER WHY IT WAS ONLY $19.99! ITs a piece of junk. I also got the batboat, but I'm afraid to see what that might need. My advice, DONT GET IT 
i got this toy with my own money and i think i wasted it bigtime! i play with the products more than the store.i think it should have been bigger and come with more stuff i nd not have had all that crap painted on the card borad backs to the shelves and i think it should had come with plastic strong backs instead of card borad stuff. i uassly take out the  card borad backs and make the store be a grocery store i would NOT buy this toy i would by the nursery playset instead.im 11 yrs ol 
Don't buy this price increased version.  I doesn't work any better than the $19.95 model.  Plus it uses twice the amount of batteries.  The concept is great, the graphics are great and that's the end of it.  This just like the first plug and play Ms Pacman (which I also bought) and has a joy stick issue.  If the manufacturer would take off the games that need the twisting action of the joy stick maybe this would actually be fun to play instead of frustrating.  While playing Ms Pacman which is the ONLY reason I bought these plug and plays Ms Pacman has a mind of her own, turns corners on her own and runs into the ghosts on her own.  It's impossible to use the joy stick without twisting it during play and then you're out of control.  It's extremely frustrating.  For as popular as Pacman and Ms Pacman were in their day and still are these plug and plays would sell on that merit alone so take off the games needing the turning action of the joystick 
this toy is a ripoff for 1/2 yr. olds and you'll get annoyed couase the games are SOOOOOOOOOOO hard even for me a 12 year old and in stead you should try out this game its an internet game its better than fat Tamagotchi and if you drop the tmagotchi in water it dies 4evr 4evr and evr FOREVER DO YOU HEAR ME!!!!!  go to [...] you wont regret it!!  or you can laugh at me i dont car 
I nearly bought this until I read that it involves cardboard and stickers.  That's shameful.  Search Amazon's partners and other major booksellers for the "Nostalgia" edition of Stratego.  It runs $4 or $5 more.  It has plastic pieces with metallic paint.  This game is a blast; you and your kids are going to play it a lot 
I bought this for my 6 year old after Christmas as her cousin received one and loved it.  I ran all over town trying to find the PVD's (which are hard to find a good selection of).  I ended up purchasing some online.  By the time the PVD's arrived, the player was no longer working.  We have replaced the batteries several times.  On a rare occasion, it will turn on, but that is very rare.  We are very disappointed with this unit.  I should have listened to my husband and bought the DVD player! 
My 4 year old really wanted this for Christmas, after looking at similar products, we chose this one.  Should have spent the money on the one w/the DVD.  Tutu is WAY TOO SMALL - fits her 18" doll.  Mat is a little too sensitive, she tries to put her feet in the position and kicks off the music pads.  Only 2 instructions - feet up, feet down. On the other arms up, arms down.  Bar isn't very stable.  Company should save the money they spent putting in the tutu and slippers and create a more helpful mat.  My daughter will press the music button on the mat and then dance off it. 
I bought two Bionicles for my son's stocking at Christmas.  He is 5 so I had to help him put them together.  It took forever to construct this sad little robot and within minutes of playing with it, it began to fall apart.  The instructions are not clear and the overall durability just stinks.  If your child just wants to construct them and display them, then this is great.  If your child wants to play with them, forget it.  Go buy a preassembled action figure and move on with your life 
The pictures get jammed in the camera and are very hard to remove.  One picture got stuck in there and so this toy was broken after about 2 days of play 
I bought this sippy cup seeing how informative the review was.. and I was happy when i saw it and my baby liked it.. But whn i went to wash it, i cleaned the valve, by removin a obvious piece that had to be removed to clean... and it never was able to attach corrctly it will fall in her drink and completely get my babys face all wet so after ONE use i had to discard it... maybe it was defected but i was not satisfied with it 
I ordered the Smack and Yack:Disney Cars Sally, Lightning and Ramone for Christmas.  The only one of them that worked consistently after a few minutes was Ramone.  Sally and Lightning only worked sporadically after a few minutes and then after about an hour,  they wouldn't work at all.  I ended up having to order the same ones again because my daughter was so upset that they stopped working on Christmas.  I hope the new ones work for a longer time than the orginal purchases 
PROS: Very cool toy/model for a 12+ with extra time on their hands.  CONS: Too many microscopic pieces to count.       Very little room for open play.       Requires extreme caution playing with it because the propeller and other pieces fall apart at the slightest breath.       Not appropriate for under 7, at least.  First just let me say that my son loves the Lego Duplo blocks and spends hours creating all kinds of different designs with them. He has been begging for the "big boy" Legos, and I have been turning him down, pointing out the recommended ages on the box, (knowing that I would be picking up infinite numbers of tiny pieces throughout the house for the next 18+ years). The ages they put on the box seem to be purely arbitrary, based on this particular toy. A well-meaning relative decided to bless him with this present on his 5th birthday. (I will be seeking revenge as soon as they have children.) I spent the next several hours constructing this nightmare, which in and of itself defeats the purpose of a building toy, in my opinion. I have no idea where they have the idea that this is appropriate for a 5-year-old, given that it was a challenge for me to put this together. Given the amount of microscopic pieces in this toy, one has to wonder who designs these things and if they have children of their own. So much of it seems purely sadistic.  When the helicopter was finally assembled (and I warned him that that was the one and only time I was putting it together), my son spent some time playing with it, only to be constantly frustrated by the fact that pieces were constantly popping off, particularly the propeller, and this was with very gentle play.  Bottom line, if you have a child under 10, they would probably have many more hours of play if you just bought a lot of inexpensively priced Lego blocks (of various types) that they could make into all kinds of different designs. These expensively priced City lines and the like are really neat once built, but then it's just like a very fragile model. Once you've spent the time constructing it, you really don't want to take it apart, so I'm not really sure why you would buy this over a traditional model. I guess I miss the point. 
I helped my five-year old assemble this, and, like most LEGO directions, it went together well...unfortunately, it doesn't stay together...when he tries to play with it, the tail section falls off or it breaks in the middle...not as easy to put back together once it's come apart...it's proven a real disappointment.. 
I just saw this today in 2 stores (both priced at 19.99), and both stores had a lot of these games, also ebay  has a ton of these going for less than $20!  This price is absolutely ridiculous!!! 
People this is a brand new game out for the v-smile system.  Walmart has tuns of them in the store for 19.99!  Don't waste your money!  This store is lying!!!! 
What on earth are you thinking? Nobody is going to pay that much for this game unless it has a portal to the deminsion of Toyland. 
Unfortunatley, I am not very techno savvy. I purchased this thinking we could use it on the original hyperscan unit...wronge. My boys told me otherwise, when they opened up the unit and hooked it up, this, being Ben 10, and the original unit being X Men, did nothing. I felt so bad for my son, he loves Ben 10 and could not even use these cards 
This marble maze looks so fun and cute. However, it's actually useless and incredibly frustrating. The pieces don't fit together well and tend to fall over when you look at them--much less when you try to roll a marble through them. Also, the configurations pictured on the box don't work at all. Either our giraffe is missing a critical piece, or the wood planks are supposed to magically levitate. Ugh, I'm returning this immediately 
I was dissapointed in the quality of this microphone. The sound effects are very loud and "crumbly" and the microphone itself is a bit cheap.  The microphone does not amplify the voice very loud either.  Cute to look at though 
I'm here to find replacement parts for this toy.  My daughter was working really hard to try to make something work on this, and right when she got it together, one of the wires attached to the light broke off, when she tried to put it into the coil to make the connection.  We can't solder it back in, there are no replacement parts and my daughter is crying at the kitchen table and we don't want to order another one, just to make her happy.  Seriously, this toy is a piece of crap.  I gave the toy high marks for educational value, because it teaches kids an important lesson.  Once corporations have your money, they don't care about whether or not you actually were able to use it, or have fun, or will need replacement parts, they only want to get MORE money off you, somehow.  Also, buyer beware is an important lesson. 
This was a real let down for my daughter.  She loves horses and has several Breyer horses.  When we saw this paddock she was so excited about it.  We decided to get it for her for Christmas.  It is very flimsy, does not stay together and breaks easily.  She spent more time trying to fix it than actually playing with it.  After a couple of weeks it was just completely not worth the effort and we put it up but later threw it away, only the doll and horses were salvagable 
this was purchased for my 2 yr old son who loved to draw and scribble.  He was so excited to see thomas riding the track - well it worked the day we opened it and never again!  I would recommend not spending the money on this one and get the regular aquadoodle for 1/2 the price!  You are not able to wash the mat so if you get anything on it (eg. crayon or dirt) you can't get it out. 
I consider myself a very tolerable and patient parent when it come to toys with noise, however; this phone is way too LOUD for baby/toddler.  It actually startles my 15 month old and makes him cry because it is so loud. Plus, it is powered by the wonderful button batteries that don't last. This was given as a gift, glad I didn't spend my money on it. Be aware that this phone is annoying, really serves no purpose and is too loud for babies ears 
OF ALL OF THE EXPENSIVE GIFTS I PURCHASED FOR CHRISTMAS, THIS WAS THE ONE THING MY DAUGHTER PLAYED WITH CONSISTENTLY.  THE PRICE IS RIGHT AND NOW THEY HAVE FREE SHIPPING.  THE ONE BAD THING IS THAT THE CARDS ARE FLIMSY AND WE WORE THEM OUT! 
When I received the punching nun and removed her from the package, her halibut fell off, the glue holding her black cape on didn't hold either.  I wouldn't buy another product through this company if this is the type of merchandise they are shipping.  Save your money and go to your local mall novelty store and pick one up. 
