 "It was Fab and can't wait to come again x"
 "Exellent room and resort service."
 "Our wedding was made more special by the room maid for all the lovely surprise's that she left for us every night, Delmore the photographer that made us laugh all the time when taking our wedding photos and to the whole of the wedding team for making our day special, the resort was nice and clean and the food was great fun fun fun and much much mire."
 "Really enjoyable. The furnishings in the room were a little tired for example a drawer in the drawer unit was broken; some of the wood veneer on the bathroom furnishings had come away; and the sofa and bedroom carpet \"looked very well used\""
 "Butlers excellent. resort excellent."
 "Room,gardens,staff,food,all perfect"
 "Good location, lovely grounds/gardens. Good restaurants."
 "brilliant food and facilities, also top accomodation and fantastic attention to detail."
 "Fantastic beach very clean"
 "gardens and pools fantastic as was the beach"
 "Great resort. Lovely rooms, nice pools. We found a small pool, which was really quiet. Food amazing. Stunning beach. All staff very friendly and helpful."
 "this is a lovely well kept resort which is in a lovely location with great gardens and facilities. If it wasn't for the lack of attention to detail we would have rated it higher but too many little things needed a bit more consistency. Towels and drinks were lacking at the smaller pool we preferred relaxing by and housekeeping was dependent on what time they got to the room and what toiletries or tea and coffee they had left to leave in the room. Food, drink and service were always very good at restaurants and bars."
 "We had an absolutely superb holiday. We drank cocktails in the evening, played pool and spent our days in the sun. Perfection doesn't come closer than this."
 "such lovely friendly staff who are so well trained"
 "Excellent resort with some staff very morose - maybe the culture."
 "The resort is great we had a fantastic week relaxed a lot which was ideal exactly what we were after. One slight thing that was a bit of a pain was if you didn't take the butler service you didn't manage to get beds on the beach with an umbrella for some shade as the butlers had been down and reserved the beds for the guests early in the morning. I think next time we will take the butler service purely for this as was nightmare especially as we had caught a bit too much sun the first day."
 "Great hotel beautiful surroundings excellent service"
 "Enjoyed the holiday, but resort could do with updating and customer care training for a small minority of staff."
 "Everything you want for a fun adult holiday"
 "My wife and I got married at the resort last year and decided to return for our anniversary. We opted for the same package as before - villa with private plunge pool and butler service. We were allocated a villa on the Caribbean side and as we walked out onto the patio, a cat was waiting to \"greet\" us!! My wife has a fear of cats and this cat wasn't for leaving! We then realised we were right beside the \"Cat Café\"....a kennel-like structure with feeding bowls. The next day we were moved to a villa on the Mediterranean side which, in fact, was the villa we had the year before and which we much preferred as it was quieter. Our main concern was dining, particularly at Bayside and especially at Eleanor's where, at one point, we had 4 cats under our table (Eleanor's being labelled as the top restaurant in the resort)....completely unacceptable!! We therefore had to stop eating at the Caribbean side for fear of this happening again. There should be a strict \"no feeding the cats\" rule as not all guests are happy to dine with them! Our only other criticism was the activities beside the main pool....at certain points, it felt like we were on an 18-30's holiday with Bingo and games being played. Having paid $17,000+ for our 10 day holiday, it just didn't feel as classy as the previous year. 4 stars is still good but sadly not exceptional."
 "We stayed in Caribbean beach front room which was very tired, in desperate need of upgrade. Knob on top of 4 poster bed was hanging off. Patio doors were difficult to close effectively. Magnifying mirror persistently flopped over - even after maintenance trying to fix it. Bathroom washbasin glaze was cracked. Plug didn't fit. Not a 6 star room!"
 "Really clean and polite staff. Food was really nice and a good choice"
 "Excellent beach setting and beautiful grounds.  The use of sunbeds & shades needs to be properly controlled,more shades are needed."
 "People, service and facilities excellent as always!"
 "The facilities were good but most restaurants were not as good as previously. Eleanors was very good.though and the breakfast in Bayside. As Diamond guests we expected but were not given
 "Absolutely brilliant . Everything was pertectly seen to"
 "Restaurant choices very good. Enjoyed the main dining room for breakfast, lunch & dinner. The French bakery was much too tempting! Certainly enjoyed coffee & cake every evening."
 "because its 5 star, ok ok ok"
 "Great location lovely gardens great beach lovely pools and nice restaurants"
 "The resort has all the facilities you would expect. It was our second trip to Sandals and it lived up to the great service we had first time. The only drawback is the lack of shade around the beach area. All shaded sunbeds were reserved (many by Butlers) by 6 am!."
 "Grounds are beautiful, beach is nice (unfortunate that the coountry does not allow private beaches). Location is not too far from the airport. Facilities very good. Shower suite for late departures very good idea. Staff extremely friendly and helpful."
 "Generally good, one or two tired looking buildings, such as the English pub"
 "Lovely beach, although a shame about the very uncomfortable sun loungers!"
 "The volume of the music at the main pool was too excessive & not the right choice of music in keeping with your marketing for a romantic relaxing resort. The choices of food were great as was the service from all the staff."
 "Excellent resort only one negative point u have to be up very early for a sunbed with shade before the butlers get them all !! Claudine and teshana in drunken duck pub gave excellent customer service and looked after us every night of our holiday"
 "The updates around Caribbean pool look good. Revamp of Sunset Bluff excellent"
 "Very good location, nice pools and bars restaurants average"
 "This is a beautiful resort in a great location. We stayed here 5 years ago and had great memories. We were concerned that our return trip may not live up to our memories and expectations, we need not have worried, it was just as good as last time."
 "Excellent resort but food was average"
 "Good holiday but beware of mosquitos"
 "superb setting and beach. Terrific staff"
 "Great location with the Caribbean Sea literally a couple of minutes from your room."
 "Not for me again. Did not live up to my expectations."
 "below par - could do better"
 "Sandals can normally be relied upon to give a brilliant holiday experience. This site, like all the other 6 we have stayed at, provides wonderful rooms; a wide variety of restaurants; high quality food and drinks; wonderful and friendly service; beautiful gardens; and great entertainment. During the day we like to sunbath in quiet shady areas. We have found that this is the one area that Sandals, sometimes, falls short of the standard we come to expect. The Antigua resort is the poorest we have visited in this respect. There are more than enough sunbeds but many do not have shade or are located around noisy pools. You have to be up before 7am to reserve a sunbed with shade. Even then there were several mornings when we were literally the last to find a suitable bed. We expressed our concerns via the 'loop' but only got a bland reply - obviously Sandals are not concerned about this issue! If you don't mind getting up every day before 7am then I can't fault this resort but, if like us, you would prefer to get up later then avoid this resort. Many other Sandals' resorts are a lot better. This is a large site with beautiful gardens. The resort fronts onto a clean beach. All beaches in Antigua are open to the public. Consequently, there are many people wandering up and down the beach trying to sell you things. However, they are very friendly and will only engage with you if that is what you want. If you are sunbathing on or near the beach, the friendly staff will come and take you orders for drinks. There are a lot of restaurants serving a wide variety of food. There are ony 2 restaurants that require a reservation with about 3 days leadtime. There was only one restaurant, Barefoot on the Beach, where there was a problem getting a table. You needed to be there when it opened otherwise you would have to wait for a table. One of the restaurants. Eleanor's, provides a la carte breakfasts. This was our favourite and we had all our breakfasts here. Overall, a great holiday let down by having to get up before 7am."
 "Good flights with Virgin Atlantic pick and drop of airport also good nice room"
 "The resort was beautiful. The beach was amazing. The grounds were immaculate. We were in the Carrabian end of the resort which was the older part of the complex. (Room 509). The room was lovely but you could tell it was older. The bed was firm. As the resort is quite large it never really had the feel of being crowded which was nice. The main complaint would be that there was not enough shade. The few shades on the beach were 'reserved' very early by customers who had paid for butlers. Very often these shades would stay empty for much of the day. Around the pool the shades often had to be put down because it got too breezy. The choice of places to eat was great. A really good variety and all of very high quality."
 "Perfect location and the resort had everything that was required."
 "Not a new visitor, last visit 4years ago. Found much improved property including free Wi-Fi accessible in all areas of the facilty."
 "Luxury included, even popcorn"
 "Just one word Fantastic resort"
 "It was ok but spoilt by the incessant loud music by the pool and the poor service in the shop"
 "Perennial problem of butlers snatching seats"
 "good as ever, relaxed and not too formal"
 "The resort is immaculate and we enjoyed ourselves very much. Our club level room however let Sandals down a little. It was very comfortable and had a fantastic view. However if Sandal's market themselves as being excellent and one of the best on the market they need to renovate these rooms. They are tired, worn and maintenance is limited. The hotel manager assured us that he would rectify the issues but we cant help but expect that they shouldn't be there in the first place!"
 "Resort one of the best we will return but some issues do need to be addressed as listed in Customer Experience"
 "The facilities and staff were all we hoped for. The gardens and beach were excellent, that led to a totally relaxed and very enjoyable holiday. We've holidayed in a number of Caribbean resorts/hotels but staying at Sandals Antigua has set a new standard."
 "Lovely resort on a beautiful island. Good choice of restaurants & bars. We had Club Level room which had all facilities we needed and was very well serviced each day. Service in all restaurants and bars was very good with friendly, happy staff. Don't be put off by beach vendors, they are friendly too and a polite 'no thank you' is all thats required for them not to bother you again. Hope Sandals will address the problem of lack of beds with umbrellas and that will save you having to get up before 6am to beat the Butler Service who reserve the majority of beds on the beach."
 "Fabulous resort, very clean, incredible staff"
 "Nice mature gardens and good restaurants with good food."
 "Tired furnishings in our club room especially the bathroom. Continuous unacceptable problems with key access to the room. Cleaning left much to be desired. Inconsistent turn down service. No bathroom robes. Pool music commences at 7.00 am which in the club Caribbean rooms you can hear along with staff chattering and trolleys. Club lounge has no use really. No Zumba at all as advertised on the hotel web site which caused me great disappointment and case space wasted because I took my Zumba stuff with me. We had high expectations for this our first Sandals visit and we feel we were let down, however, we did have an enjoyable holiday, Antigua is a fantastic island. All of the above we raised at the time."
 "fantastic holiday for couples"
 "A nice place, food excellent and some members of staff very helpful"
 "Outstanding staff & superb location."
 "You felt safe, beach was lovely and we enjoyed the snookeling"
 "The food and accommodation as expected, very good, but the resort needs a facelift."
 "Everything about the resort is exceptional. The accommodation, the facilities and the staff were all wonderful.  This was a return visit and the standards set must be maintained and if possible improved.   An example, the dress codes for evening meals are not enforced and although this is not an issue, it may impact on the experience. Allowing standards to fall must be avoided."
 "Everthing was excellent. The drinks, the food and the service were quite superb. Just 1 negative, the mosquitos. My wife was bitten more times than I could count and this was compounded by a very disproportionate bill for medical treament."
 "Wish we could stay forever."
 "Lack of loungers and sun umbrellas at pool and beach mean you have to get up at 6
 "The gardens the pools were excellent. The most common problem in all the resorts we visited is the allocation of sun beds to many reserved."
 "The resort is getting a little tired, could use new tv's etc."
 "Disappointed with private plunge pool as this was out of order for three days despite reporting this to 2 No. pool attendants, 1 gardener and 2 Butlers.  general upkeep of garden grounds was very impressive."
 "Service is not quite unto expectations. Almost there!"
 "Nice and big rooms, with drinks supplied and topped up every day this was a lovely little extra from the hotel."
 "Excellent location in stunning grounds with pure white beach front. Perfect for sunrise and sunset walks."
 "A perfect place for a perfect holiday."
 "Resort location good. Room 7501- noisy - poor location near generators and car park. suffered blocked toilet. Round pool (near Barefoot) noise on several mornings due to Truck emptying Cess Pit! The staff that gave the most efficient, attentive service and made our time at Sandals happy
 "Everything was most enjoyable. Food and drink excellent."
 "Excellent beach,gardens and rooms ."
 "excellent clean tidy resort cannot fault the resort."
 "Resort's best feature is its location on a gorgeous beach with clear turquoise water. Plus the staff are very keen to please. Points where it does not meet the 5 star standard of other brands are as follows
 "As put in my previous remarks."
 "As I said would have been 5 stars if not for sunbeds and parasol nightmare"
 "Absolutely beautiful. Pristine grounds, really well kept."
 "Overall another excellent stay. Found the restauranst too open. The fine dining was not enclosed and did not feel like fine dining. I shared this feedback directly with Mr G, General Manager who advised they were looking at this.  The only real criticism was the Returning Guest Dinner - the menu choice was spicy whihc I don't like and never had an Asian styled menu for this event before. Some tables had eaten their main before we were serve dours which was unfortunate.  Other than that the hotel was excellent. beach and Pool one of the best we have experienced through Sandals. Staff were very friendly, especially the ladies looking after the cabanas that we hired."
 "Excellent everything loved it"
 "Fantastic ... Really nice standard"
 "Excellent"
 "Very poor , will try your new resorts next time."
 "bedroom are very dated and needs refurbishing and noisy"
 "Excellent beach, great pool and drinks, and rooms, Superbe"
 "Good"
 "Average"
 "Excellent"
 "Excellent"
 "Most enjoyable well trained staff."
 "Excellent"
 "the only picky point was that the curtains in our room were frayed!!!"
 "In the main good but a few tweaks needed as outlined In comment box above"
 "The maintenance of the outside areas was poor. Too few sun beds available on the beach and too many parasols that couldn't be used owing to missing pegs to hold them open."
 "Poor"
 "Great selection of restaurants, entertainment and best beach"
 "Excellent"
 "Resort surpassed our expectations in both accommodation and service"
 "The whole complex was beautiful, the beaches were raked daily, the gardens were outstanding and well maintained. Lots of dining choices. Overall the perfect holiday"
 "Excellent"
 "Excellent"
 "A great place for total relaxation. Staff, location and accommodation great."
 "Very enjoyable. Had a wonderful time"
 "Grounds immaculate however maintainence issues especially in the 1 bedroom butler villas need addressing - leaking pools. Nothing tranquil about the pump/waterfall systems .... Expected a higher standard for the money paid"
 "Nice resort but nothing amazing"
 "Good"
 "rat in my room, luke warm food. staff were great"
 "The resort is old and worn out and some of the more expensive rooms are really disgusting. Mould in the bathroom, dead cockroaches on the floor. A mattress that was so disgusting so couldn’t sleep in it. The basin was broken as well as the fridge. Terrace, for which we paid a premium, had old wood chairs with not cushions so enjoying it was impossible."
 "Good range of facilities, friendly staff, excellent location and overall access to EVERYTHING. Only exception is that my wife experienced and injury on site."
 "Excellent"
 "Fantastic accommodation great beachside location, excellent choice of restaurants and food"
 "The character of the resort has changed, but the staff are still wonderful"
 "See above comments regarding service"
 "Lovely grounds very well maintained, overall everything was super and we cannot wait to return."
 "We have been there a number of times this year but the restaurants were closed which conflicted with some of the paperwork give to us as guests So we were disappointed when we arrived their in the evening to find it closed"
 "Excellent"
 "really enjoyed it, exactly what I was hoping for"
 "After 6 years we are so very disappointed with the couldn't care less attitude of managers and staff. Cuts at all levels are so obvious. Don't make promises that you don't keep. Surely a can do attitude should be achievable not we will look into that and just ignore the request."
 "We were generally very happy with the standard of the resort, but we did not like the fact that smoking is freely permitted in public areas."
 "It was an expensive trip to return from feeling disappointed."
 "Good"
 "Everything we dreamed of and more. The attention to detail throughout was exceptional."
 "Facilities are good but room is a little tired.  You need to put a butchers into resort and bars are poor. The only outside one is in carribean village and you then only have 4 tables so 8 to 12 sit down as it is a couple resort is just not enough."
 "If you can find fault then your simply a misery , walk in the pool grab a drink close your eyes feel the heat and just relax"
 "We had a wonderful stay the room was lovely a great size and an amazingly comfortable bed. There was a great choice of restaurants and gorgeous gardens to walk around. Not forgetting the lovely pool!"
 "Good"
 "Excellent"
 "We enjoyed our stay at Sandals. The food and drink was good and our room was modern, clean and nicely decorated. The grounds were immaculate and it was great to have the water sports. The staff were friendly when we were walking around the resort however, we think there needs to be an improvement when it comes to helping with general enquiries and day trip information given the price."
 "From pick up from airport to departing, we had the best holiday we could ever had imagined due to the location and service we recieved from all.at Sandals."
 "Excellent"
 "My only concern was the \"noise\" around the large swimming pool, however I understand the need for entertainment. So, we found a smaller more quiet pool and the beach."
 "Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves, very relaxing. Plenty to eat and drink of a good standard and things to do. The water sports crew were great and thoroughly enjoyed diving with them."
 "Too many hawkers on the beach and the constant drone of jet skis took away the tranquillity and relaxed atmosphere."
 "See previous. Good food but some things let us down"
 "Lovely beach, excellent restaurants, wide variety, emphasis on quality and presentation. Housekeeping,- did not keep their promise to us to spray daily,"
 "Excellent"
 "A great resort immaculately run. We where particularly impressed by the friendly staff who where all concerned we had a great time. Nice to see the management setting an example by hauling suitcases and waiting in the rester aunts"
 "Excellent"
 "Started off very bad, the first room we were given, room 804, the bedroom ceiling was full of black mold and the ceiling was coming down outside the shower area !! Not what we would expect at Sandals. We were moved the next day to 819 which was fine. However the very heavy sliding door came off it's runner and crashed down against the hallway wall and just missed my wife ! She was very distressed but unhurt, it was reported to maintenance who came the next day and repaired the fault. I asked if it could be repaired immediately and they said that maintenance had finished for the day. I then had to man handle the door myself and put it into a safe position for the maintenance people. The operator said that she would report it to a manager for investigation and to see how my wife was but this never happened. Again not what i would expect at any resort. I would at least expect someone to come and see how she and myself were and assist in making the door safe. A full investigation should then be done, this is basic Health & Safety. The rating would be higher only for these incidents, food and drink were generally good and not really any queue's anywhere considering the resort was ( i was told ) 90% full."
 "Good"
 "Beautiful beach and grounds. Loved the Carribean side but Mediterranean was too loud."
 "Good"
 "Had a lovely time ,as this was our second visit just as good as the first time.Elenors restaurant we thought was not as good as it was on our first visit.Also the problem with birds at breakfast time in Bayside seemed to be worse and would not be such a problem if the food had mesh covers over it."
 "Some restaurants were closed on an evening which limited choice"
 "Had a great time as usual"
 "Butler service very poor."
 "Good"
 "Excellent"
 "The site looks like it is in need of refurbishment. Our room, whilst OK, looked tired. Beach was good"
 "Not met at airport had to take taxi. A waiter Omar virtually threw the food at us and complained of working an 8 hour shift. Didn't want or need to hear it"
 "Everything was good apart from having to get up at 5.30 every morning to get a sunbed under shade"
 "Excellent and romantic. Only problem was towels on the sunbeds each day - people left them early before breakfast and left them there for the day even when they had moved elsewhere, very selfish attitude and could be policed better!"
 "Good"
 "Very relaxing and comfortable. Site brilliant would definitely go again. We had two issues 1 insufficient shade on the beach I am fair skinned and have a skin cancer problem it was difficult 2 Bayside self service food not hot at breakfast and lunch unlike other Sandals resorts. Al la carte resturants excellent."
 "So relaxing and can't wait to return"
 "Great resort but you need to get up early to get shade by the pool or at the beach"
 "Good"
 "Average"
 "Good but not outstanding."
 "Good, but not outstanding"
 "Good"
 "Excellent"
 "All I could wish for busy or quiet big or small everything here"
 "Grounds very good. Some food great some awful. Staff mostly great"
 "Wonderful experience but could do with a few more umbrellas round the pool"
 "Brilliant staff, excellent beach. Resort a bit large for our taste. Impossible to get a sun bed in the shade unless up before 06
 "Room was excellent and great facilities overall. For size of resort lunch restaurant choice a bit limited, needs a decent a la carte restaurant like a Butch's chophouse for the evening. Eleanor's or OK Corral need to go as both were pretty poor for evening meal. The sushi at Soy is excellent, pity never open at lunch time and for an evening meal would be good to have a bit more choice, eg some tempura. Food at OK Corral was pretty abysmal and Eleanors averagalthough breakfast was good if a little slow on service. Mario's was very good, as was Barefoot on the beach. We were in a butler room because we chose for the room, not the butler service and as keen divers tend to be out most of the day. Only saw one of the butlers once over a ten day stay, we asked him to do two things for us and he failed on both."
 "Fantastic beach, restaurants good, bar service excellent. Mini bar in room always replenished daily only issue being that bottles of spirits (rum, gin etc) were not new and had pourers so subject to flies landing on them. Completely toiletries were excellent but always had to be requested."
 "already told you in first box"
 "Excellent as always. Food exceptionally good particularly Eleanor's and as always Barefoot for dinner and Bayside for lunch but to be fair food is always of a very high standard wherever you eat. Overall we had an amazing holiday which is what we have come to expect from Sandals. We will definitely be returning next year! We always find it extremely difficult to name particularl individuals as we have such amazing service from everybody in the resort they are a credit to you and themselves. Obviously they have to follow the corporate line but everybody is allowed to be themselves which is one of the main things we love about the resort. Well done Mr G et al."
 "Mostly fantastic, but two problems which I will now mention. The only way to get a sun bed with some shade was to go out at no later than 6.30 am to reserve one. The butlers reserved a large proportion of the beds every day. Several times we spent the day sitting next to a reserved bed that never got used and was eventually cleared by a butler as late as 3.00 pm. Also we had a lot of mosquitoes in our room and we were both covered in very itchy bites. When my husband mentioned this during a courtesy call from staff to see how we were, he was told as though he was stupid that we should expect mosquitoes in the Caribbean. We knew this, but it would not hurt to have some insect spray in the bedroom so that you can make it insect free before you settle down each night. We were quite scared every morning to wake up and see how many more bites we each had. Apart from these two matters, we had a wonderful experience, with lovely food, drink, warm sea and beautiful weather."
 "We were slightly disappointed Food and staff excellent, but we were disappointed with our room. On arrival we couldn't use the bath as the jacuzzi pump had been removed, the bathroom electrical socket was missing (wires sticking from the wall), fridge had not been serviced, only one bath robe, no umbrella and an empty drinks can on the floor by the sofa. In other words the room was not ready. In fairness all of these issues were quickly resolved, but we remained disappointed with the room which had a miniscule patio area not at all as was shown on the website. There was also an issue with sunbeds, we several times heard of people getting up at 6
 "As previous response regarding evening dinner."
 "Resort very large, good facilities, but rooms a bit tired, and always very difficult to get sunbeds, and umbrellas at pool, unless you get up at 5am."
 "Comfortable, but noisy throughout the resort"
 "Brilliant resort, with great people. The only downside was that the rooms were dated"
 "From guests that have visited other Sandals resorts, I would suggest that Antigua is definitely towards the bottom or at the bottom in terms of overall guest satisfaction."
 "Good location but shame about the sellers on the beach harassing you."
 "Our favourite, that's why we have been nine times and are going back next year. Layout is great, beach is fantastic and the rooms are a great size."
 "Excellent"
 "Great but not fantastic fix the sunbed problem"
 "Average"
 "5 stars. BUT there are a few minor issues. Would it be possible to make it smoke free? At least the hotel room INCLUDING the balcony. And the main pool area. Would it be possible with some kind of fitness classes? Maybe some fun aqua aerobics?"
 "A wonderful hotel and location"
 "Another lovely stay but pity about the lack of sun umbrellas. Great staff everywhere, friendly attentive service in the bars and restaurants and reception"
 "Good"
 "Stayed in the Caribbean part, room in very good condition, may have been recently refurbished. Dining and beverages were varied and to a high standard. Problem with services in the room were corrected immediately. Holiday was exactly what we needed, relaxing and no worries."
 "Good"
 "Enjoyed our stay,despite the criticisms."
 "Everything about Sandals Grande Antigua is simply incredible. The food, staff, grounds, rooms...everything! There is such a variety of food at the restaurants, all of which is just delicious. The sushi is highly recommended, as is Barefoot By The Sea. I can't recommend this highly enough - we've booked to come back next year, to make the most of our new Scuba Diving certification!"
 "Great resort, excellent beach and a lovely main pool."
 "Good"
 "The resort needs renovating and they have need to have more staff to cope with the number of guests."
